Orange Lounge Radio Here's your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie and Loki 15 years ago, a San Diego teen took exception to graphic imagery in DDR Solo 2000 and 15 years later, Orange Lounge Radio Episode 691 airs. Thank you for joining us on this journey and stay tuned as it continues right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It's Orange Lounge Radio live tonight. Episode number 691 for this June 18 of 2017. My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as she has for the past 15 years, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers.
I'm so congenial, Rob.
Are you?
Yes.
No, you're just fan favorite. You probably are the fan favorite of the show, actually.
No, you know what? It's Tech Master Loki. He's the fan favorite. Hi, Loki.
Hello.
How are you?
Speaking of fan, it's pretty hot in here.
It is. I know. We have the fan going. It's, it's, uh, it's why I had all the lights off before OLR, but it's getting hot with all these, all of us in studio and so forth. So the good news is it should cool down.
At least it's not in the garage.
It isn't. No, this show was in the garage at one point. It was an insulated garage, so it was supposed to be a little better. It was in the colder months. It was probably a lot better.
Yeah.
And in the warmer months, it was pretty, uh, it was, it was something. So anyway, we're here. We're joined with you guys over at our chat room over at vognetwork.com, The Voice of Geeks Network, where we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show live.vognetwork.com.
If you want to join us in our chat room where folks are being very nice and saying a lot of nice things about the show and the fact that we're turning 15 years old tonight. That's right. Our very first episode, I guess we're a little bit early. Our first episode was June 23rd of 2002.
But you know what? Close enough. Close enough, dammit. Especially with the fact that, you know, I'm going out of town this upcoming weekend. So it had to be tonight or it would be really late. So close enough.
15 year celebration here. And, um, you know, right off the bat, just, you know, thanks you guys for being here, whether you've been here for 15 minutes. This is your first OLR episode. Interesting, interesting night you picked to join OLR. But whether you're here for 15 minutes or 15 years, thank you for being a part of it. You know, I don't, I don't know if we would have made it this long without a lot of the encouragement that you guys have brought us over the years.
Speaking of encouragement and fans and so forth, we're joined here in studio tonight by one of our longtime listeners. And it's a pleasure to have her here all the way from St. Louis. Say hello, everybody to Misty here in studio.
I now have four different games registered to my emus card. It is it's Rob's fault.
That's right. Traveling around playing music games, which is how this show all started, right? And that's how you found this show was because of your love of music games, right? Yep. That's right. Any because you know, I barely remember what happened last week on this show, Misty. Is there any particular memory over the 15 years of the show that you remember like a moment that was like one of your favorites?
Not offhand that I haven't mentioned in the past, like episode 69.
Yes, there was episode 69 was a little bit infamous. For those that weren't here, we played karaoke revolution live on because we, if you think this show is a mess now, you should see some of the early episodes. And they're out there, by the way, on the internet. If you know where to look. And if you don't know where to look, ask a guy named dark Tetsuya, who's who's wearing a trench coat around the corner, he'll sell you some old for free some old OLR episodes that are posted around up there.
And I don't know if episode 69 is in the archive, but I imagine it has to be. And we were playing karaoke revolution live and Loki turned in one of the greatest renditions of all time to play the game. But you did. And that's what made it funny. That's what made it funny. So, all right. And some other folks in chat very nice Dungeon Buster saying yay, here's to another 15. Bobby Blackwell says Rob thinks DT gives away old episodes for free. That's cute. You're adorable. You have almost misty don't you have almost like every episode?
I remember that one of the times you were here, you like rated all my drives. And I think you like stole every mp3 I had of Oh my gosh, she can do you wear that around your neck?
Not usually. I just took advantage of the fact that I got a new computer recently to also make sure I had a good portable backup copy that also kind of creeps me out that like the 15 year history of this show fits on a fucking thumb drive.
Well, they have ginormous amounts of
I know I know they do. It's just it's just crazy, crazy for me. So anyway, um, I again, I you know, I'm not to get too sappy here. And I know we didn't we didn't plan like fireworks and stuff because we have E3 to get to I mean, with this all falls during E3 week, we've got to talk about what's going on a gaming because that's what we're here to do. And we didn't plan a lot of fireworks for tonight. Because you know, it's, I don't after celebrating five years, then 10 years, then 600.
Then 500. It's kind of like you kind of go, well, what's there left to do, but do what people tune in every week to hear. So I know we don't have a lot of fanfare tonight. But you know, just again, I just I just want to say a big thank you from for me, not just to my co host. I mean, I think I said this in a Facebook post earlier on social media, but not everybody could do one thing over and over and over again every week for 15 years. That takes an extraordinary amount of discipline. And that's not something I
certainly by any means could take sole credit for. I mean, Dark Soccer and Loki have been committed to this from the very beginning Loki when he wasn't even invited in the very beginning. But obviously, we've retconned him back to a full host since Episode One. But yeah, I mean, thank you guys for for being here every week, because truly, this show would not have lasted without that sort of discipline that it takes from everybody, not just one of us. So but also, you know, again, thanks to listeners for making this possible. I don't want to give
too many specific thank yous because I'm always afraid that I'm going to leave somebody out. So I'm just going to give a very, very, very broad thanks. But I do want to just call out just a couple few things that I think have to be called out for like this would not have happened if if not for these folks. And then if Dark Soccer or Loki want to add anything, by all means, but I would say we have to of course, say thank you to Travis Donovan from Understation Live, mostly because I would get an Instagram if I didn't call him out. No, just kidding. But the fact that Travis
really opened my eyes and Jamie's eyes from being the longtime guest host she was on that show, to the fact that this was even possible. Like I didn't even know that this was an outlet until Travis kind of opened that door for me. So for that, I'm incredibly thankful, even though I know he's very bitter, the show is still going. I say that would love and I'm hoping he does come back.
I function on the tears of the bitter tears of those who would stand against me. So I don't think Travis stands against them.
No, Travis doesn't. But there have been some some mouthy dudes out there.
Yeah, there have.
Guess what?
Has anything ever been mansplained to you, Dark Soccer?
Oh, all the fucking time. But you know what? I have to say to all of them in a glorious, operatic voice. Fuck you.
So one of my good friends, I consider him a good friend. He was on a TV show here called Big Brother like seven years ago. And I, he was not portrayed very well on the show. He was a bit of a villain on the show. And I stole this saying from him and I love it. And Dark Soccer, I know, I know this applies to you too. Haters are my motivators.
I can dig with that.
I think that's something I've took from his that's Ronnie from season 11. If anybody watches that show, he gave me that phrase once and I've held on to that for a long time, especially especially in the past few years.
But trust me, I drink cup pools of salty tears on a daily basis. And baby, they ain't mine.
I also have to say thank you. This is so important. You guys know him as the voiceover guy here on the show.
But Jason, VX JasonXV, like literally this show would not have a place to be if it wasn't for Jason. Jason has been the master of the technical side of things.
And ensuring that I technically, I don't think he was here in the very, very, very beginning, but he came on like pretty quick and to help us out and to have a website to even have this and our vast weighty MP3 library that bared the weight of when iTunes launched podcasting for the very first time.
And we were one of the video game shows on it back when there were only like 20 video game shows on iTunes, if you can even remember such a day at this point. Jason has made sure that this site ran through all of it, all of it.
And anytime I've ever had a concern, even if I haven't taken a minute to ask Jason, like, you know, like, how are things, you know, in the past few months, but I'm like, Jason, the website's broken.
Like, he's on it, and he fixes it. So like, I really can't stress that enough that you guys don't hear him all the time, although there was a period of time, he was coming to this show a lot because his workout I'm out here, but I really can't stress enough that like this show, you wouldn't even fucking hear it if it wasn't for Jason. So that is so important.
And from a technical perspective, also deep man, I have to also certainly give him a nod because that even though the website, our main websites a little bit old, it is all because, you know, deep man had a huge hand of the design of that. And we still use that to this day. So for that, we're thankful. And then probably the only other like big, big thank you I have to give here at the top is, of course, to Bobby Blackwolf, who is, you know, the voice you hear at vogue network has been a business partner in vogue network has
saved this show from going off the air when we had to leave live 365 because the fees were getting too out of control, and really brokered the deal between us and all games radio, which was a very important period in the history of this show. And I know, you know, I know, we ended up making a decision to leave that network to do what we're doing at vogue network, but I have nothing but great things to say about all games and our years there and their hopeful continued success over there.
And you know, we are on E3 week. And seriously, and I say this all the time, the best E3 ever was that year when like all the all games broadcasters were there. And there was that frickin arena. And you remember that in Santa Monica, we were walking and it was just like it was off the hook. And that was stuff that our relationship with all games provided us over those years. So that's very important. So a big thank you. Again, I don't want to leave anybody out. So I'm sure I'm leaving millions of people out with this.
I'd like to those are just some of the most important ones. My drag mother, the Virgin de Guadalupe.
Loki, Dark Soccer, anything that I forgot that are worth saying?
I'd like to thank the members of the the gay frat house that I slept in during episode three.
That was the she's not even kidding. She's not even kidding whatsoever.
I slept in the Harry Potter room of the gay frat house, San Diego. And that was like what episode three?
It was it was it was early on. It was early on. Speaking of all games I just noticed in chat over
Derek H just joined us our old pal from all games says congrats to OLR for making it to a place few
shows could even dream of. Thank you, Derek. That means an awful lot. Although I must feel in a way
that I said Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice. But no all in God. It's it's fantastic to see you
here, Derek. Thank you so much. Look at some other comments and chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Ragenator says I remember the OLR's first live episode on all games was the first one that I was
able to listen to live. That is awesome. Come on Noel Gustin chat says Q's wind beneath my wings.
No, no, we're not gonna go we're not gonna go that cheesy. But if we were to sing it, Loki would sing
it just just so we're clear. I'm just kidding. But don't we want to sound half decent? True.
I would probably be stuck with it. Did you ever know I fucking hate you?
I think that was like episode 69 verse, you know, level of effort. Now that bar is way down there.
It's like it's like Nintendo and online down there. Wait, we had a bar?
There was a bar on the show? All right, there was a bar on the show.
All right, anyway, let's let's move on. I will have the phone lines open in part B,
we actually cut a few stories out later in the show, I want to be able to take plenty of phone
calls and talk more about memories over 15 years. Well, let me actually before we before we go into
E3 chat, I think this is important thing to talk about when we're talking about 15 years of OLR
and realize that I'm putting my co host and Misty on the spot if she wants to join in.
And you guys in our chat as well over at live.vognetwork.com. We've been doing this
since 2002. That's a very long time. I know I asked a similar question to this when we celebrated
10 years of OLR. But I'm curious if anybody's answers may have shifted or changed based on
our perspective now versus what it would have been in 2012. In 15 years of observing video games and
gaming culture, what do you think has had the biggest change on video games as we know it?
What do you think has been the most important thing in our industry in 15 years?
Dr. Sakura? The internet.
The internet. The internet was here 15 years ago, though, right?
But social media has more taken off over the course of the last 15 years. And as we've seen,
you know, having a direct line to game developers to people who, you know, even upper management
at some of these games and having interaction with them. It's actually I think changed a lot
of the dynamic with how people, with how they get feedback from fans, especially now adding
Kickstarter to everything. So I'd more put it for social media and the social aspect of it.
You're piggybacking on that a little bit, if you don't mind. The social
kind of aspect to me kind of extends into when we look at things like Twitch TV
and what YouTube and Mixer and all that's been bringing to the table too is a very social element.
It might not be social media and the same Facebook and Twitter type sense,
but definitely that has been transformative as well. Absolutely.
So good answer. Loki, anything you would say over 15 years?
Yeah, the constant greed from publishers and developers, mostly publishers.
What do you mean by that?
Because they've fucked up things with online passes. They've fucked up things with
microtransactions. They've fucked up things with, hey, we think we're going to drive this
franchise into the ground because it needs a million releases so that we can, you know,
make our investors happy. So yes, publishers.
I see. So publishers ruining everything.
Yes.
Okay. Actually, that's not a bad answer. My answer would be probably simply Xbox Live
and not solely necessarily Xbox Live, but I guess it's kind of just a more
narrow version of what Jamie really said, because honestly, I kind of go along with
Jamie's answer as well, but I feel like Xbox Live is really the thing that ironically
killed the environment where this show started. You know, if you recall,
I've told this story a million times, but I'll tell it one more time.
OLR started because we all played an arcade game together that we had a lot of fun playing
and that really had a community. So we all got together every week and we played DDR
and then we would go out to eat. DDR followed by mozzarella sticks,
because not that things made sense 15 years ago, but they did.
You know, we would go play DDR, then we would go eat and we would sit around.
Back then we were doing enough cardio to burn that stuff up. That was no big deal.
Now it's just mozzarella sticks. But all that joking aside, I mean,
I feel like Xbox Live and that whole gaming through all of that kind of murdered the arcades
for a good long time. And only just now are we starting to see some of that come back through,
you know, round one and some of these things that we have a little more locally where the arcade
scene is kind of building again. And a lot of that is because of the ideas that they're taking
from mobile gaming, which would definitely be in my top five. One of the big things that have
happened in the past 15 years are the fact that everybody is a fucking gamer now because cell
phones and things like Farmville and Bejeweled that even, you know, your parents play and all
that stuff. So, yeah, but I think Xbox Live in particular really did a lot of damage to the
arcade scene. I mean, but not that that's necessarily a bad thing. It's just an evolution,
but it was certainly transformative to where we are now. Going in chat over at live.vognetwork.com
Dartetsuya in chat says, I agree with Loki. That all but killed everything that wasn't Guitar Hero.
I never got to play DJ Hero, but it looked like a fun game. So, it would have been cool to see
a reboot of that or something. Yyr says, definitely the internet changed gaming
directly, online play and indirectly, social media, community streaming, hate speech,
you name it. Rage Nator says, I miss arcades, sniff. Free Kill Zero in chat pointing out,
Dreamcast had online gaming, yes, but Xbox Live integrated voice chat as part of the service.
Absolutely. It kind of pushed it to the next level. And I think even a lot of us look back
at the Dreamcast and go, it was a system that was ahead of its time in many ways.
I know, it's so crazy that Xbox Live had integrated voice chat.
You know, not like a modern company nowadays that has a modern system can't integrate voice chat
into theirs, but you know. Calm that hate boner down, Loki. Jesus. Let's see. Other comments over
at live.vognetwork.com. Act Def says, independent development for games. That's a very good point
now too, is that things like Steam, iTunes and Google Play, you know, they've allowed more indie
developers to really get out there. I mean, sure. There's always been a place for indie developers
and you could design something that back in the day we used to go on to a BBS and download, but
it's different now. Like things like PlayStation, Xbox, even Nintendo are opened up so that more
indie developers can get on the store and you can, you know, download things right next to things
like Mario and, you know, Ridge Racer and all these other, you know, big, big thick titles
that are on the other platforms. So it's a bit of Ridge Racer. Why won't they come back?
Maybe, maybe someday, someday. Uh, and I'll do one more here and then I want to move into what's
going on this week. That's the 200 mountain chat over at live.vognetwork.com says World of Warcraft
is up there too. Granted, it wasn't the first MMO, but it definitely catapulted online and
MMOs to mainstream. Oh, absolutely. I totally agree with that. World of Warcraft. It wasn't
the first MMO, but it was a fucking massive MMO and has changed many things. Fuck, Dark
Sakura still plays it pretty regularly, if I'm not mistaken. Not so much these days. I mean like
EverQuest wasn't, you wouldn't consider like EverQuest 2 or something like that? Like I said,
WoW wasn't the first MMO, but it was massive. And EverQuest, you know, it's kind of right up
there. EverQuest did a lot as well, but you know, something about the way Blizzard does it. And,
you know, we've said this before on the show, Blizzard has a great way to take a game like
EverQuest and make it more accessible. But EverQuest was a lot like Final Fantasy 11,
because Final Fantasy 11 was really inspired by EverQuest, where you had to kneel down to
regenerate mana for quite some time. And a lot of transport took a very long time. So it's like
World of Warcraft brought a lot of like quality of life, quote unquote, improvements to the genre
that I think allowed it to really catapult forward. But not to say that EverQuest wasn't
important because hell yeah, it was. So was Ultima Online. So was the MUDs of the, you know,
older days on Telnet and all that, you know, all that stuff was the reason why World of Warcraft
exists now. And now there's MMOs after it. The World of Warcraft is evolving because of,
you know, things like Guild Wars, Guild Wars 2, Final Fantasy 14, Elder Scrolls and all these
games, you know, even WoW takes some of its cues from at this point. So, you know, that whole
genre has really been pushed forward. So, Act Deft brings up Pokemon Go. I mean, even though that's
really recent, certainly that almost feels like kind of a litmus test for the future in some ways,
especially with the fact that, you know, like I said, more and more people are gaming with
phones in their pocket. You know, what Pokemon Go did was a very,
it's a thing that we don't see very often in gaming. So anyhow, lots of good answers,
you guys. But let's talk about what's going on this week in games. Lots of news. E3. So last
week on the show, we talked about Microsoft. We talked about EA a little bit as well. And so
after the show happened, Bethesda's conference happened where they showed pretty much a lot of
things we expected to see. And then they showed that Wolfenstein 2 kind of cut.
Yeah. I mean, I expected that.
Yeah. And Evil Within 2, which I think a lot of people were expecting as well, which,
you know, and it was a lot of people were like, it's short. It was short.
It was, it was only 30 minutes, but they showed off like,
It was longer than that, but it was, it was still short.
Really?
Like 45 or an hour, but still, it's still.
But yeah, then they showed off. What else? So they kind of started off with, I want to say,
was it the VR stuff I think that they started off with? I don't remember, but
they did show off like Doom VFR. They had Fallout 4 VR, which they kind of showed. I mean, it's just.
Did they do Skyrim VR there or did, was that, they saved that for Sony?
That was Sony. So they did those two and then they were showing off,
I guess this is all going to be completed out of order. So they had the DLC for
Dishonored 2 that they showed off. They had, of course, you know,
the trailers for the other games. I know they ended with Wolfenstein. They showed off.
Let me ask, not to backtrack too much, but I have to ask this because I'm curious about this and
the chatters as well. Do you want to play Fallout in VR?
Yeah, I think it'd be fun. I don't know.
What about Skyrim?
Skyrim looks fun in VR. I see. I didn't see the trailer like originally. I mean,
it looks all right. I'd just be curious to see how it, how it actually moves around and plays
because like the trailer looks like, and this is the thing, like the trailers look like you kind
of have free control of your character, which is fine. But then like the Doom one had like
teleporting around. I really don't like VR that teleports around. I know
the reason that they do that is because people get motion sick, but honestly,
I know I'm not one of those people that gets motion sick from that.
See, and there's folks in chat, like Dr. Seuss says, I play Doom VR and I kind of look at that
and go, um, I would need a barf bag too because Doom is a fat, I mean, maybe they make some
adjustments, but Doom is a fast moving game. It's teleporting though. So you're, you're,
you can dash, I guess, in different directions, but it's all basically blinking from one spot
to another. And that's what a lot of these VR games do. And it's all right, but it's,
Doom was such a fast paced game that like, it doesn't seem like you'd be able to do that.
Yeah. Yeah. I would like the option to be able to just run around and stuff. And then, you know,
if I don't want to do that, I can teleport. Maybe it's because of the control scheme because you're
using the Vive controllers. And so, you know, maybe there's not really analog sticks that can
move you around like that. Um, I know with Skyrim, they are saying one of the options,
you can play with the controller. So that'd be fine too. If I'm playing with just the controller
and I can look around, man, I think that'd be pretty cool. Um, so after Bethesda, uh,
Monday morning, hold on. Yeah, hold on. Sure. There's still more stuff to talk about,
but that's okay. Um, because of course we talked, they showed off, um,
I know they didn't show off. They show Skyrim for the switch during Bethesda. Was that three?
Yes, because that's when they announced, Oh, which ties into last week's show by the way,
cause I remember, no, cause I tweeted you right away. Cause we had just talked about
an hour before that's when they showed in Skyrim, they had the Zelda stuff was in amiibo support.
It was the amiibo would unlock, um, link costume and the master sword, which you
fucking said on OLR. I had said the temple of time or something. They put a new dungeon in there.
So I'd like to think I was close, but yeah, that was a, that was a good call. And, and,
and to, to piggyback on what we were saying last week, I said, people are not going to buy Skyrim
yet again, if there's not something for them. And I said, if they want to appeal to the Nintendo
fan base, put fucking Zelda stuff in there and that Nintendo fans will eat that up. And guess
what was happening on Twitter. Then my Nintendo fan boys on Twitter were eating it up and were
like, yeah, I'm going to get Skyrim. And I was like, see that that's how they're going to sell
it on the switch. Anyways. Um, but the, the thing though that I noticed that they were talking about
is they're brand new. Um, I forget what they're calling it now, but it's like, um, a companion
service that they have for Skyrim and for fallout for where they're basically going to selling mods.
Yeah, no, because they've tried this bullshit before on steam and there's a huge fucking
backlash for it. And so now they're doubling down and trying it again on, I always assume on console
and on, um, the steam version as well. So basically this would allow creators to, to create
mods that they're going to supposedly it's going to go through some sort of QA, but that's a QA
that's that's peachy. Um, so they're going to go through some QA process and it's supposed
to work with the DLC and stuff, but at the same time, it's basically like, you know, they're
saying that, you know, Bethesda can sell stuff through this marketplace and it was allowed the
trophies and everything that still work, but it's not going to get rid of the other mods that are
free. But I just, I just don't like it. I don't like it at all. It just, it's sours new. Modding
has been going on for a long time. People don't sell mods. People just make mods because they
want to make mods. And now I just think this is not a good thing because they're going, they're
going to fuck it up here. Here's my take on it. And some folks are going to strongly disagree with
me and that's okay. But I have moved the fuck on from Skyrim. Like I'm, that's cool that they can
mod it and all this stuff, but I, I'm done with Skyrim. We're done. Right. You're done. Skyrim
quality four is relatively new, but if this shit's going to work right now that you better believe
that whenever the next other schools game comes out, they're going to do that shit again. That's
fair. All right, let's move on for time's sake though. The only reason I was trying to get us
past this for time, that's okay. So quickly, the PC gaming thing, I don't think there was a lot of
bigs, the age empires. They were trying to push like, there's like some VR game that they're
trying to push as an e-sport that looks just like enters game. I mean, it is all right. I mean,
I don't know VR and e-sports, I don't, that's a hard mix, but Nino Cooney on PC that caught my
ear too. Cause I was not expecting that to go to PC. That always struck me as a very like
console based thing. So that was surprising to me. Uh, and then there was the Ubisoft,
which pretty much had some pretty good stuff. Yeah. And everybody's mainly talking about the
beyond good and evil two, which, you know, that big reveal there that yes, it's still coming.
Yes. So the rabbit's cross Mario game looks all right. Um, that's an upgrade for you.
It sold you a little bit on, no, it didn't sell me. It looks okay. Like it's not the type of
game play. Doesn't that sound like an upgrade for where he was at last week though? I think it does.
I never said it would sound terrible. Some of their other like VR games that they have coming
out look okay. They're um, I'm trying to remember what it's called now, but like their new toys to
life game looks like shit. It's like some space combat thing. Like that is really weird. It's
like it attaches to the controller. You have this stupid toy spaceship on your controller.
It just seems really awkward and strange, but they've got that. Um, you know, obviously the,
um, new far cry game looks awesome. Um, I'm trying to think. Um, I didn't really care about
the pirates game. I don't care about assassin's creed, um, with my UAV Eagle or whatever it was.
Um, what else? I don't remember everything else that they had. I know that they had a new,
the crew game, which I don't know. That's all right. I guess. But I think out of everything,
like there, they had a pretty impressive lineup of games, I guess. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. It
seems like a lot of people were very pleased with Ubisoft. And again, I, I have not been calling on
dark soccer or Misty because I don't think they watch these things, but please, please, by all
means, jump in. If you have something to say on, on this stuff. Okay. I still want to dominate the
conversation with, with you two here. So, um, but, uh, let's see also, uh, let's see after Ubisoft,
let's talk about Sony. So let's spend a little time on Sony because obviously it's one of the
bigger ones. I tried to watch live, but I was at the park of my kids. And so I ate through my data
plan pretty fast. So I, I missed a few things, but I did see some of it. So it was pretty much like I
anticipated that it was going to be just, we're showing new trailers for games we've already
announced. And to be honest, the whole like shadow classes thing that had already been leaked out,
that it was coming as an announcement. So I wasn't all that surprised by it. I mean,
it looks cool, but it's like the second time they've remade that game already. Yeah. I was,
I was like, Oh, okay, cool. Um, I wasn't expecting that. I didn't pick up on the leak thing,
but I was kinda like, Oh, all right, cool. Yeah. So, I mean, it is a good, it is a good game,
but yeah, it just, it did, they did remaster it just the last time. Yeah. But then they have like,
I guess new trailers and my whole thing was like, I wanted to see what they were going to do with,
you know, PlayStation VR. And I kind of missed some of that in the Skyrim thing. Sounds kind
of cool. I'd be definitely willing to check it out. Um, what are the, there was a game called
Moss that kind of caught me. I don't know. It's it's okay. I, I heard super hots coming to, um,
the PlayStation VR. I think that was that I'm interested in because that looks awesome on PC,
the VR version. So I'd want to check that out. Um, you know, they showed off, you know,
the new trip, like it's a new trailers for, um, that zombie game that they have days gone days
gone. Yeah. It looked okay. I mean, I don't know. It's just kind of a generic,
there's a lot of games that they have coming that I just don't care about.
You know, honestly, like here's the thing. I had a very tepid reaction to Sony's conference. I like,
I was like, okay. But there was also, there was still a part of me that was kind of like, that's
it. Like I here's, and here's the thing for me is that Sony started, like, I don't know if you saw
anything in that hour before the press conference, but I feel like some of the best shit was before
the press conference even started. So when they announced undertale is coming to PlayStation four
and Vita, I was like, okay, if they're announcing this before the conference even begins, what kind
of fucking Whopper are they about to drop on us? And then when that Whopper didn't come, I was like,
Oh, okay. Like they said that they're holding off on announcements for games com. Like they've got
stuff that they are going to announce a games weird to me, it is kind of weird. But at the
same time, like I was disappointed that nothing was addressed about backwards compatibility.
It's just like, whatever. There was no, they don't care. It would have been nice to see some
sort of price drops for like at least the PlayStation pro or something would have been
cool. I guess they had stuff on sale in the gold PlayStation four and stuff like that.
But yeah, there wasn't really a whole ton of new announcements. I mean, there's a lot of stuff that
they just didn't show. And I'm assuming that's all going to be a games com in a little bit, but
yeah, it's just kind of, and then on top of that, there wasn't really any big titles,
which one of these big titles is coming out this holiday? Cause I couldn't figure out which one it
was. It was, it is the uncharted spinoff is the holiday one. Ooh. Yeah. I mean, and that's,
that's kind of why I think I ended up having a very tepid reaction to Sony. Like I didn't,
I didn't hate it, but I knew some other people, some other friends of mine were kind of getting
into it a little bit. Cause they were like, Oh, it was awesome. And all this stuff. And I was like,
I guess maybe it's just because I'm not as into God of war as other people I know. And I really
don't care about this days gone stuff, but I did feel like it was like a lot of updates. And to be
fair, to be fair to Sony, they've had some really killer E3 years and not every year can be the
final fantasy seven remake flack Shenmue three flack. Like they can't all be that year where
they, you know, whip it out and put it on the table. Like you're, you know, here, that would
be unreasonable. Here's, here's, here's some of my expectations being horribly, uh, or I'm being
horribly disappointed by it. Final fantasy 15 VR support, uh, fucking fish. Are you fucking kidding
me? Like one of the reasons I bought 15 is because, Oh, the VR is going to be fucking sweet.
And you know, the game looks pretty sweet. I haven't gone back to play the game, but
are you serious? Why even waste your time with a fucking fishing game? It's just so
goddamn stupid. Nobody is getting excited about it. I mean, it was, it's the fucking
nineties and Sega bass fishing's coming out. Nobody fucking cares about a fishing game in
final fantasy. Uh, dark Tetsuya and chat says they've come a long way since that disaster in
2006. Nobody's going to fuck up that bad ever again. That's that's a given nobody in the
industry and Nintendo didn't have a great year. It was that year or the year after Nintendo.
There was Microsoft that one year. So, I mean, yeah, that's true. That's true. So, but
you know, I we've come a long way from there and I didn't, I didn't hate Sony by any means,
but it was one of those when it was done, I was left with polite clapping. That was,
that was, it was a polite clap. I was like, I was like, Oh man, you know, I, I missed the last
end, the end of the conference. And then I went back and read them like, Oh, okay. You know,
what else needs to be addressed? Because I bet many people forget this because this is the sort
of things that people forget, but the audio on Twitch, and apparently it was also the audio
stream that was going to all the movie theaters was like borked the first 15 minutes. And when
you have the spotlight on you, you can't afford those kinds of fuckups. I'm sorry. That was,
that was, that was pretty embarrassing. So I just, I have to call that out that that was,
it was a little bit of a disappointment that something that you would think would be that
simple. It must be something about that venue because they moved to that venue last year.
And I remember last year had an audio problem too. So Sony might need to think about changing
the venue. If that's, what's causing their audio problems. I don't know. But I just,
it kind of, I think Loki, that's why you might've missed the uncharted is the holiday game because
that was when the audio was fucking up. So I watched on YouTube. I didn't have,
Oh, that's why. But then YouTube was like lagged. YouTube was like almost a minute behind. It was
weird. But anyway, I, I had to call that out. Just kind of a stern, stern finger waving.
Um, but I mean, not to say like, again, it's not like I'm like, Oh, I'm going to sell my
PS4. It was so bad. No, it wasn't. Um, and you know, the Spider-Man game looks sweet,
I guess. I mean, but I just, I feel like, okay, that was the big reveal last year and Days Gone
was shown twice last year. And God of War was last year. And all this shit was last year.
Detroit looked all right. Detroit did look all right. That game, I'm, I'm,
probably more than anything else they showed. I'm looking forward to it. It's in the lead
there. Was that the, that's, is that the guy from like fucking, um, Grey's Anatomy?
Cause it sure as hell looks like the guy from Grey's Anatomy.
I don't know actors and what they're on very well. It is a real person. It is a real person.
But yeah, it looks like the, I forget his name, but.
Um, but I will say this. Sony was also strangely short. It was very short. It was an hour,
not 90 minutes. Not, they went two hours, one year. It was an hour. Uh, now you could say that
the pre-show hour, I mean, again, cause they, there was that Jack box looking thing where they
had, everybody was on their phone controlling the game. And there was a game from the Until Dawn
people that was like, you had somebody that was like a rebel spy, basically in your midst that
was trying to screw the game over. And that looked like a lot of fun.
Yeah. It is the guy from Grey's Anatomy. That's why I thought I knew him.
Okay. But I was like, it was just weird to me because I felt like the things I got most
excited about with Sony were all like the pre-show content, which I don't know what
that says about me as a gamer. But anyway, with the short stuff, here's something else I noticed
was really missing, really, really missing. The sizzle reel of third party and independent stuff.
I mean, sure you had Destiny 2. I know that, you know, the Call of Duty or whatever. I know third
parties weren't absent, but where, where was that sizzle reel of indie games? Indie games were gone.
And this, and I remember the year when they had all these indie developers up on stage,
bam, bam, bam, bam. Like there was like, all these games are coming to PS4. And that was like
a big year. And it was, it felt absent. It felt really absent this year to not be showcasing some
of the indie and the lower support on the main stage. That was a little regretful, I think for,
for Sony. But, um, otherwise it was okay. That's, that's really like, it wasn't good. It wasn't bad.
It was, it was polite clap. I had a nice polite clap at the end. Um, how about, uh, I don't know
if there's anything you guys want to add with Sony or anything you guys saw or read about after
the fact. No, I don't know if it's particularly Sony, but I'm still pretty excited about Marvel
versus Capcom, infinite. You're like the only one I know. I'm sorry. If you play the demo, you might
not, you might. And more than that, I'm actually super interested in, uh, the Dragon Ball FighterZ.
Okay. Yeah. Cause it's Arc Systems. Microsoft showed that, didn't they? That was on their thing.
But it is, but that is going to be on both. Um, but I will say with the Marvel versus Capcom,
the biggest complaints I'm hearing about it are the art style. Like Chun Li looks like she's
regressed a little bit. That's what I'm hearing. I was perfectly fine with the art style because,
I mean, basically I was just really paying attention to try to hear you the whole time.
Although I'm not excited about his voice just because I've gotten more familiar with his
Japanese voice. So I'm hoping that I can play it in Japanese and have the voices. I'm more
familiar with Troy Baker doing all the voices this year. He should do all of them.
But I am, I'm, I'm pretty excited. I mean, it might just be the Dragon Ball kick I've been
on lately too, but I mean, a Dragon Ball game done by the fucking guilty gear people sign me up.
How about a fighting game? That's Troy Baker versus who's the other guy that doesn't know
this is Nolan North versus, um, Tara strong. I was like, who's the lady that does he have
Tara strong. So it will do that. Like it'll be a, it'll be a trio game. I don't know. Anyway,
uh, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Uh, let's see free kill zero and chat asks,
Oh yeah. With Destiny 2, what platform are you all including chat considering PC 100%?
I don't even care that there's a gap PC, PC, PC. I don't really, I'm not that interested in
Destiny 2 just because I never played the first one. Although I have it. I just haven't played it.
If I was going to pick a platform, it'd probably be PC.
No, I, I, I, on my new 4k rig, I'm going to have by the holiday trust. That's like coming out of
E3. That was like my number one takeaway is that I fucking want a 4k monitor and a 4k a graphics
card. That'll do it. Yes. I'm well aware. You can't get one for $500, which is why, but I,
I will invest a little more in my PC because I do so much gaming on my PC.
So, um, yeah, for sure. Destiny 2 on PC. Um, so, okay. So I think that's all there is to
say about Sony for now. So how about Loki? How about Nintendo? How about Nintendo?
I mean, Nintendo is okay. I'm trying to, I'm trying to think of the exact stuff that they
showed. So like I remember, um, well they ended with Odyssey. So it was,
but Mario Odyssey looks fucking sweet. Mario Odyssey looks really good. And I watched, um,
like the hat on everything that was rad. I mean, that's all right. Yeah. I watched like, um,
actual like gameplay they were doing like up through treehouse live. So I watched a lot of
that. Cool. I mean, it looks pretty good. It looks like a good Mario game, which is
good. It's what the system needs. I'm not super excited. I mean, I was never really in the 3d
Metroid games, Metroid prime for just announcing that they're working on that.
I mean, cool. When the fuck is it coming out? No idea. I mean, so that's cool. At least that
they're working on it. I feel, I feel a little differently here because I'm just,
I was so fucking happy that Nintendo acknowledged Metroid, you know, especially after forgetting
its birthday, that Nintendo was like, yes, we're doing Metroid prime for even though
retro is not doing it, which is interesting. I like the, I'm not as big on the 3d Metroids
myself, but I did like prime three and I liked the original prime when it was out.
I'm going to fucking play it. I'm sure that the new, the new prime game is going to be,
look really nice. Cause I mean, it's what was prime three on? Was that the, that wasn't the
Wii was it? It was on Wii. Yeah. Cause they did the trilogy. They did the trilogy, the trilogy,
but when did it originally come out? That was on game. It wasn't Louis. Yeah. Because I had,
yeah, I had the motion controls. What Metro prime three was on the Wii one and one and two,
I think were game cube three was on the Wii. And then they did the trilogy on the Wii.
I think maybe I'm wrong. I thought I played Metro prime three on the Wii,
but maybe I just didn't get on board until, okay. Act F confirms it was on the Wii because
yeah, I thought motion controls were a big part of the Wii. I mean, that was a SC system. So,
I mean, this will look much better anyway. So I'm interested to see what the multiplayer,
um, potential there. I mean that they would take from, uh, what was the one on DS when at first
that was, it was a multiplayer heavy thing on the DS. It was the one that was like the pack-in game.
Yeah. I remember that. I don't remember. It's called, I remember the name of it either,
but I I'm excited to see what they're probably, cause it seems very likely that we'll,
we're going to get multiplayer in this, whatever it's going to be. And that could be,
that could be an e-sport Loki. They hunters prime hunters. Thank you. I knew it wasn't
Federation force. I started to go there, but what was that you said before the show?
Metroid prime for duration force. Yeah. I was going to say, uh, what else did they show?
They showed off was that they, they talked about DLC for Zelda, which is all right. And we knew
that was kind of coming already. So the first piece is I think going to be at the end of this
month. Yeah. It looked pretty hot. The rest is later. Um, they showed off that rocket league
is going to be coming to the switch. There's a part of me that's kind of like, okay, fucking
rocket. Like it's not quite as bad as Skyrim, but I'm like, okay, rocket league is like literally
everywhere else. But then I do think about, okay, but the switch is a really good system for it
with its portability and everything. Like it's kind of one of those. Okay. Yeah. This kind of
has to happen. Like it makes a lot of sense to have rocket league on switch. There was that we
have to backtrack a little bit. It wasn't in there a 30 minute thing, which really blew again. What
the same thing as Sony, a big bombshell that they didn't put in their main presentation.
Not only is there Metroid prime four, there is a Metroid on 3DS, which I thought Nintendo was
going to walk away from 3DS a long time ago to focus on the switch, but clearly no, there is now
a Metroid game that is a remake of Metroid two. That's going to be on the 3DS. And a lot of people
are saying, Oh, that's why they pulled AM2R. No, they pulled AM2R because it was Nintendo period.
In this, it's just a coincidence that they had their own thing in development.
Why that game is not on the switch as well. Like why not? Why can't you develop it for two systems?
I'm kind, in a way I'm with you, but at the same time, I'm like, I am just fucking happy
it's happening. I am fucking happy it's happening and great. I already own a 3DS. Cool. I just hope
it's not a new 3DS exclusive, but nothing they said indicated that. But if it's unique to new
3DS, I'm going to be a little salty. I'm a little salty, but I'll probably finally fucking upgrade
if it is. Cause I want to play it. Yes, it's Metroid. I will do stupid things. The new Yoshi
game that looks kind of like paper Yoshi or something. I mean, yeah, that looked kind of
cool. You know, that Yoshi game did pretty good on Wii U. So they're kind of doing like a spiritual
successor. Act Deft would have your head if you forgot to mention Kirby. No, I was just going to
say that. Yes, that's right. It was new Kirby and that look cute. Uh, and I Kirby, you know,
had some pretty solid entries on the Wii and the Wii U. So, you know, it's, it's logical that the
Switch was getting one. I kind of didn't expect it, but at the same time I was like, Oh yeah,
well this makes sense. Right. So it looked cute. Uh, although 2018, not this holiday.
Yeah. Also absent were additional Wii U remasters. And a lot of people convinced, including myself,
that Smash Brothers was going to be a remaster for this year, but it appears time. I mean,
I don't think they're going to do smash. I think, well, they have the Pokken one that's coming out.
There is Pokken. I kind of think what could have happened is that similar to Splatoon 2,
it might've started as a remaster and somewhere along the line, they've said, you know what,
let's just make it a new game. And so Smash has been tabled for a year or two while they
do that. And that's, you know, as long as it's good, that's all I fucking want.
So, and Bayonetta as a character still would be great as well. So there's that, uh,
Xenoblade Chronicles 2 had some more stuff shown that is a holiday title. We shouldn't forget.
It's an RPG. It was pretty damn good on Wii U, uh, and, and the other one that they had on Wii. So,
um, I don't see why it will be bad on Switch. I'm looking forward to that for sure.
So, uh, there was also Fire Emblem Warriors had a little peek at that and I'm not super into that
series either, but cool. And then some more Amiibo, of course, Breath of the Wild, but the
Metro, the Metroid squishy ones. I like those. The Metroid one looked kind of cool. Um, and then
of course they have Amiibo that ties in with the new Mario Odyssey as well. Um, uh, come on,
Noel Gus in our chat room says, I'm wondering if they're delaying Smash for a year to try to make
arms and esports thing. And we did, I don't know if it's so much the esports thing, although I'm
confident. Yes. Nintendo wants arms to be esports, but all that debate aside,
maybe Nintendo really did kind of take a step back and say, you know what? We've got arms,
we've got poke, and maybe there is too much fighting this year.
Popular arms is going to be first because if there's no one playing it,
you can't have it to be a fucking e-sport.
I it's the people that I know that bought it are enjoying it.
I get it. It's, it's out now with one of the, it's one of the few games that's on the system,
but come like the end of the year when there's Mario and Splatoon shit,
how many people are really going to be playing arms by then?
So I, as you're saying, so let's evaluate how popular arms still is after Mario.
Okay. The legs ha ha. You want to see arms as legs. Yes, I get it. I get it. That's a,
no, that's a good way to put it. So, I mean, cause yeah, I mean, it's popular now,
but like there's not a whole lot of shit out right now for it. So let's just see how that is.
And also let's see what online looks like next year. I mean, cause, but I I'm worried that,
you know, Splatoon that's going to come out and I was like, I forgot all about arms.
I'm playing Splatoon. To be fair to arms, even though I was not thrilled with the demo and I'm
not going to plunk down the asking price for it, but to be fair to it, it does sound like they
plan to support it in a similar method to how they're supporting Overwatch with free DLC
characters, because I know they talked about one this last week. So there is that Loki,
they're trying to give arms legs through DLC. So there is that. All right. And it, it's,
it's worked incredibly well for Overwatch, although that's a whole nother beast.
Blizzard's Overwatch, which probably is esports. Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com
actdeft in chat says Twintelle has legs for days. YYR says, hold on a second. Nintendo is at least
five to 10 years behind the rest of the world, right? Shouldn't they not be due to look into
esports until about 2025? Vidpower in chat says, poor soccer eye. He's so worked to the bone for
so many years making Smash games. I kind of hope they give him a break. And Kaijuto says arms and
Splatoon are not the same kind of game. There is room for both. So we'll, we'll, we will see.
We will see. All right. But I, I was, I was pleased with Nintendo overall, especially the
Metroid things, obviously that made me giddy. Um, and otherwise I think it was, you know, yeah,
I try not to set the bar too high for Nintendo. Right. So I was like, okay, my expectations were
not, I think it's going to do well. They have a solid Mario game coming out. So, I mean,
there's no reason the system is not going to do well through holiday with bad. I mean that,
that alone will sell systems. Yeah. We don't, we don't even know, you know, a lot of what the
online library is going to look like. Again, they didn't spot like too much. I mean, a little bit,
because obviously with rocket league, I do remember, and I don't think it's on our list
here, but like, I know that there's people interviewing Reggie and he dodged all questions
regarding like virtual console and online or anything, but people have to remember,
that's what they do at E3. And that's part of the reason why E3 is kind of a show that I'm,
I personally am kind of over attending because they stay to the script and they will not deviate
from the script at E3. You have to talk to indie publishers, smaller studios, and people that are
very passionate about their game to get them to go off script about the games. Nintendo, Microsoft,
Sony are not going to go off script ever. So people that were trying to get Reggie to go off
script, what the fuck were you expecting to happen? Like, sorry, that's just the real, I know it's
disappointing, but have you not been paying attention to E3 since it landed on the internet
so many years ago?
Just saying. I like how he's like, I'm tired of people asking me about Mother 3. Well then,
you know what? Maybe she'll fucking release it. Well, there's something you could do about that,
you know? Yeah, exactly. I wish I could go a day without people asking me that. I thought I could.
No you didn't. You didn't think that you could. You knew what was fucking going to happen.
Please don't even try to pretend that you didn't know that was going to happen.
All right. Jamie, Misty, anything you guys want to say about Nintendo?
Nothing surprising. But you're still not on board with Switch, right? Not yet?
Not really. Wii U was absent completely, which we, I mean, you have to expect that.
That's not surprising either. Except for its logo did show up with the Breath of the Wild DLC.
Well, of course. That was the one. It's out on that. Yeah, it is. It is. But otherwise,
Nintendo certainly has moved on from Wii U, although not 3DS, which is interesting.
All right. Oh, Act F does point out Wii U does have Just Dance 2018 coming.
They're probably releasing that on the PlayStation 2. Well, no, not anymore,
but probably the PlayStation 3. They usually go back a generation. I mean, they were releasing
that for the Wii, I think, up until like last year. Actually, Act F says it's also coming out
on the Wii. Just Dance 2018 is coming out on the Wii. It's, you know what? The Wii U is backwards.
It's probably the same fucking game that's on the Wii, just in a box that has the Wii U logo on it,
because it's all backwards compatible. Just saying. And it still works for those that have
not upgraded like me. And that is true. You know what? There's still, we have to remember,
we have one perspective because we do this show because we are gamer fans. So we tend to be more
on the quote-unquote cutting edge of games. But there are a lot of households that still
are rocking this. And why not? You know what? Praise Ubisoft for actually fucking publishing
a music game. Because you know what? Who the fuck else is? Let's put it that way. Because Konami,
fucking, unless there's music in fucking pachinko slot machine, they own, but they're not really
producing anything that's like a new... Outside the arcade. Outside the arcade, yeah.
All right. And Kaiju says, don't sleep on those Just Dance games. They're huge.
To go back though, one other thing to kind of go back to, you know, my bitch about like how
publishers are ruining stuff. And also talking about Ubisoft, which we've just briefly touched
on. Are you fucking serious? Ubisoft with an $800 version of fucking Assassin's Creed with a statue
in it? Really? Somebody's buying it. Somebody out there is buying it.
That's fucking retarded.
I... Somebody's buying it. Whatever.
That was almost as retarded as the... I want to say it was Wolfenstein. There was a version
of Wolfenstein, The New Blood that came out. It was a special edition that did not include the
game. I think like Mass Effect Andromeda had a version like that too. It came with the fucking
Mako, but it doesn't come with the game. We saw that at Best Buy the other day and Alan was like,
oh, here's the collector's edition. I said, notice how the box doesn't say any game platform on it.
It doesn't say PS4 or Xbox One because there's no game in it. It's just that fucking Mako thing in
it. And I was like, these things are going to end up on the clearance rack and when it does,
we should go get it. All right. Anyway, let's see. Orange Wright says Namco is still making
music games for home consoles. They have a Taiko on the Switch.
They do. And I think there's actually a PlayStation 4 version that's coming out soon.
PlayStation 4 also got Beat Zonic, Sonic X Beat, Super Beat Zonic. That's it.
Which is that Vita game just came over. So, I mean, there's music games happening out there,
but then we look at Project Rap Rabbit and well, that had its own. I mean,
what a great exhibition and how not to run your Kickstarter. That's all I'm going to say on that.
Like it sucks, but so was how they ran that whole Kickstarter from start to finish.
Oh, I missed that.
Yeah. Well, it just, it was very, it was very arrogant. Like, I'm sorry that
just that Rap Rabbit thing, Red is very arrogant to me.
Did they not make their Kickstarter?
Oh, they're not going to. I don't know if it's over yet, but it was nowhere close when I last
checked. Why haven't these public or these like developers learn like, you know, I'm famous
because I made this game. I'm going to put out a game and everybody's going to love it. You know,
that only worked for Inafune, or was it, I'm sorry, I'm getting names confused.
Who was it that did Bloodstained? Is that Inafune? That's not Inafune.
Igarashi.
Igarashi. I'm sorry. And it was with an I. Igarashi's.
Yeah, but Bloodstained looks really fucking good.
It does look fucking good, but like Inafune thought that they could do that with, you know,
Mighty No. 9 and then it ended up sucking. And then now, you know, they're thinking they're
going to be all cocky with this stuff.
This project, okay, Rap Rabbit has 20 hours to go out of the 1 million and 92,
1 million plus goal. It's 1 million 92,000 because of the currency conversion.
They have made about $200,000. They've made 20%.
They haven't, they have backers. It's, this is more proving that people want the game and well,
sorry, I guess it's not going to happen.
Yeah, it's, it's, it's an ouch.
Perhaps if you sold more $800 collector's editions, you'd hit that goal.
Well, perhaps if you hadn't come out saying making music games great again,
and then not showing any gameplay concept until two thirds of the way through your Kickstarter
project, maybe you would have had a different result. And, you know, this whole thing has
been trying to be sold. I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I'm going off right now, but it's just,
as a music game fan, it's very, very disappointing to me. And I feel like a lot of this was that, oh,
we're the folks that made Elite Beat Agents and, you know, we made Parappa the Rappa.
And so this is the game we're going to make next dah, dah, dah, dah. These guys need to realize
that Inafune, Mega Man and Mighty No. 9 ruined it for them. They need to be able to show a lot
more coming out the gate than, well, we made this, so we're going to make this great. Sorry,
that ain't going to work anymore. It's just not. It's not.
Yeah, because Inafune, just because you have a good pedigree doesn't mean that
you're going to always make great games.
And you can thank Mighty No. 9 for the reason why this flopped.
Yeah.
So, sorry, it's harsh. But I hope they find a way to make it happen otherwise. But I just don't
think it's going to at this point. I think the 20% is so bad that I don't know how they're going to
do it. But I feel like-
Was it Amplitude like that too? Like, remember, like, harmonics? Did that make it school pretty
fast or-
No, it had, like, a big out the gate and then it really struggled and it looked like it was
going to be questionable. And then they kind of made it at the last second. So it was a little
different.
I know it's- I don't think it's on our show, but I know that Comcept actually just joined
their subsidiary now of Level 5. So-
Actually, I think you did have that story later on. So you might want to talk about that later.
We'll talk about it later on.
All right, we'll clear-
Spoiler!
Spoiler alert! Well, if you guys all read the gaming blogs, you already know anyway.
All right, let's move on. We have some more gaming news we want to cover. But of course,
we got to talk about our gaming weeks and what were the types of video games that we
have been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It was kind of non-existent this week. Actually, I've been playing- Crap, what's the game called
again? Since I've been on my big Dragon Ball kick lately, I downloaded that game on iOS,
Dokkan Battle. And it's kind of neat. It's very flashy as I expect it to be. I haven't
gotten too far in it. And I've also been playing that Sailor Moon Sailor Drops. It's actually
kind of fun. It's like Bejeweled on crack.
Yeah, I think Alan was into that, the Japanese version on his phone. I think that's the same
one.
Pretty much. It's just the text that's been translated into English.
Right.
But I think it's like international server. So it's got all the original voices and everything.
It's okay.
Sure.
And I actually haven't even touched WoW, except for doing my dailies on my phone. And then
I ran out of resources. So I might have to log in and do a few things to get some more
resources. But I'm waiting until they release the new raid for LFR. And then I might do
that. The whole Sargeras raid. So we'll see how that goes. Other than that, I'm on the
fence for a game I want to buy. Again, because of my big Dragon Ball kick.
I really am thinking about getting Xenoverse 2. It looks fun. I like the MMO without being
an MMO thing. Because most of the time, you know how I am on most games. I'll play by
myself. I'm not really super social with that. I just like talking to people. So I think
it would be fun and it would be right up my alley. I just don't know anyone who's played
it. So I'm looking. Let me know if y'all have a favorable impression.
Or not. Before I drop 80 bucks on it. Well, because I'd be getting all the DLC at the
same time. Other than that, I've watched 60 episodes of Dragon Ball Super. That's what
I've been doing with my life. And the Drag Race reunion, which just annoyed me to no end.
You're the fan favorite. Yay, fan favorite. Yay, fan favorite.
Everyone applaud for the fan favorite. Thank you, Farrah Moan.
I laughed my ass off during that. Just gonna plug this week's episode
of Reading is Fundamental. It'll be fun. Although the thing, to sidestep a bit,
the thing that made me laugh was the reading back and forth with Trinity and Eureka. And
I'm so excited Eureka's on next season. All right.
Okay, done. All right, wrong show. All right,
Loki, how was your gaming week? So this week I was trying to play some different things,
but I ended up playing some of the same things. So I played actually Skyrim a little bit last
night. I was playing through Skyrim. I was doing some quests and stuff. I just finished up
doing one of the quests for, oh God, I don't remember now. It was,
oh, it doesn't matter. But I was playing through Skyrim and then of course it crashed. Well,
it didn't crash. It broke in a very unique way. So my whole screen is black unless I paused the
game and then I could see what was on the screen, but I couldn't do anything with that. So, you
is that point that I kind of have the realization, I always say I like Bethesda games because they're
buggy and glitchy and stuff. I don't think that's the case really. I think I'm kind of tired of
their games being so fucking broken. I like that they're quirky sometimes. And that's any game
really is quirky, but when your game is fundamentally broken and you're just not fixing
it and instead you're coming up with concepts to monetize user-made content, I have a little bit
of a problem with that. And that's kind of where I'm at with that, but that's my realization.
So I went back to playing the other game I was playing this week, which is Minecraft on
PlayStation 4. Just, eh, I just decided I'm going to just play survival for a little bit and so I
did that and it was relaxing. Then of course the other stuff I played, I tried the Marvel vs Capcom
Infinite demo that they have, the story demo, and I was kind of on the fence with that game
as it was. And that demo did not fucking help. I am not purchasing that game.
Was not very good at all. The characters are all right. I forgot to get it. The characters are
all right, but that demo, it was just, and I get it. It's a story mode, so there's supposed to be
cut scenes, but it's just like cut scene, cut scene, cut scene, cut scene, boring ass fight,
cut scene. I'm a little worried. I'm a little worried for Capcom. I'm a little worried for
Capcom. Granted, Resident Evil 7, people are loving. No, that looks fantastic. But other
one than that, I'm a little worried for Capcom right now. It's just, you know, honestly looking
at the roster of characters that were going to be in there, it wasn't all that exciting to me
that much. I mean, it was, I wanted to check it out and I did, and I'm just not feeling it.
I thought Marvel versus Capcom 3 was way better roster wise. It was more interesting characters.
And I guess maybe later on down the line, you know, with all the DLC that they'll be pumping
out that I'm sure interesting characters will come out, but that's going to be a couple of years from
now by the time that, you know, more interesting characters. And by then, I'm just not going to
want to play it and I don't want to play it now. So I'm just not going to pick it up. All right.
And then of course, you know, mobile wise, I've been playing, you know, my usual Pokemon go and
clicker game. I almost, I didn't do it because I saw it came out this week. I almost downloaded
Garfield go because that's a thing now. Wait, Garfield go? Garfield go. Yes. It's like a
Pokemon go rip off with Garfield and it is absolutely terrible. So you go around, you
collect, you gotta find lasagna and avoid normal. No, no, no, no, no, no. You're right.
Guess what? So, you know, Pokemon. I mean, yes, I do know how you have to flick the balls at the
Pokemon to try to catch them. Yes. And put in Garfield go, you have to flick lasagna into
Garfield's dish and they have the whole AR shit and everything. And you collect and you go around
and you find comic books, like old comic book panels that they have and stuff. And on top of
that though, apparently you can win actual like real money prizes, like gift cards and crap.
But I mean, come on, honestly, you're never going to be able to do that because they're going to
have somehow limited, but yes, that's Garfield go. It looks like such a, I'm going, I'm going,
I'm going balls deep on Garfield go. Let's do this. Let's do a tournament. It is fucking on
Garfield go motherfuckers. This is the next big thing in gaming. It's an e-sport.
It is. So that's it. That was my week.
Misty care to follow that up. How was your gaming week? Maybe you can play some Garfield go on the
trains as you're heading, heading back East. He's she's got it up on her phone. I love it.
I need to investigate how bad it is. I'm telling you, I'm telling you. It is on. It is on. All
right. Uh, Misty, how was, uh, how was your gaming week? What have you been up to?
Mm, considering being in transit half the time, mostly Pokemon go. I mean,
where the hell did my nickname come from after all? Right. You are the leader of the water gym.
But, but yes, I did. I did end up at round one, so pretty much any games you can find there.
Notable exceptions of the project diva game that I seem to remember seeing and two DX.
I mainly concentrated on pop and music and, and of course DDR.
Uh, what about, uh, our trip to, uh, stars yesterday? I thought you, you would, uh,
because you got to play you beat and what else we played DDR. We played around a DDR together.
Yes, we did. And you watched me pass Orion seven, eight, which was a nine footer back in the day,
but at some point they gave it more feet. It's a 12 footer now. And my old man asked past that.
Thank you very much. I'm going to be that 40 year old DDR player up on the machine.
Not giving a fuck that the other people playing are old enough to be my kids.
Hey, at least your old man ass doesn't have an doesn't have any knee problems that I know of.
That's why my ass has been sticking to beginner jumps off.
All right. Anything else for gaming week you want to share?
I did do a few songs of obligatory step mania on a train, but that's all I'm thinking of off hand.
Alright. Um, my gaming week, I will talk about, uh, so I went to the arcade with Misty and played
some more neon FM, which I'm, I'm enjoying. Uh, and as you play in the arcade, you rake up a bunch
of credits that you can use on the phone to play songs for free. So that part's if you log into
the game. So don't forget, like if you are interested in neon FM, like make an account
and log in cause you get free, uh, currency stuff when you play in the arcade. So don't forget that.
Uh, and I've been enjoying that, but otherwise, uh, big stuff that I've been playing this week.
I have, um, been checking out the newest final fantasy 14 expansion that had its soft launch
on Friday or the early access. I guess the official launch is not until Monday or Tuesday,
but the early access launch was on Friday and I'm not going to lie. It's it, it, it was a
fucking mess and a little bit of an embarrassment for Square Enix, how bad they kind of screwed up,
the launch of storm blood. Because, um, what happened basically is that in the main story
quest, when you want to progress characters, you know, past level 60 to level 70 and experience
the new story, everything got, um, held up where there is this, um, scene that you had to play what
they call a solo instance where you do a fight by yourself, basically, uh, that's similar to a
dungeon, but it's like a solo experience. And what was happening is that so many people were hitting
it that the servers couldn't handle it. And so maybe like one person out of the thousands that
were trying to get in would get in at a time. And so so many people could not progress the story.
And I was actually streaming this on my Twitch. You can see it actually happened to me towards the end
of the stream that I was doing for two and a half hours. But, um, it was, it was pretty rotten that
that went on for over two days after the launch and then they finally fixed it overnight. So now
that I'm past that, the game's fantastic. Like the story is great. And some of the cut scenes
so far have made me go like they've been like really like twisting and turning and that stuff.
So, you know, now that I'm past all that, it's, it's fantastic. But, um, that was very, very
disappointing, uh, that they did not like pull the servers down sooner to try to fix it or do any
sort of testing whatsoever. It was a little bit of a black mark. Um, but otherwise now that I think
we're past it, it's probably one of those things everybody will forget in a few weeks because I'm
sure the story and the expansion is good enough and strong enough to really carry the game.
But I just feel like the creators of said story and said game did not deserve how screwed they
got by those network issues. But that also is partially in the design of what were they thinking
funneling all these people through a solo instance so early on, you know, they should have done it
later in the story when people are getting there at different times. It was a little,
it was a bad, bad decision on Square's part. But anyway, it's fine now. And that's the important
part, I suppose. Um, during some of the downtime, I finally, I was on my PlayStation four and I was
just kind of catching up on some of the backlog. So I checked out this free to play game. I
downloaded a while ago called paladins. Have you heard of this? Yes, I have. And I've actually,
they're overwatchy. I kind of wanted to try it because it looked all right. I mean, it granted,
it looks like kind of a rip off of Overwatch, but a lot of people are playing it. Yeah, it's,
it's, uh, it's definitely in, I mean, it's hard to say because, you know, it's inspired. I mean,
granted, this game had to have been in development long before Overwatch was out. Like it takes too
much to make a video game, but I'm sorry when I look at that and some of the abilities that some
of the people have and like, like seriously, the tank in paladins like had a fucking Reinhardt
shield from like, I just like it, there was a little curve shield and everything. And I'm like,
some of these abilities I think are kind of like right out of Overwatch, but keep in mind,
shield designs tend to be fairly universal for the type of shield. That's true. And who knows,
you know, and this could all be borrowed from team forgers two, which I didn't really play enough of
to be fair. I mean, mercy is a lot like the medic in team forgers two. So it's not like these games
haven't borrowed from each other before. And you know, um, I enjoyed what I played at paladins.
There's a lot to explore in the free to play currency, uh, because you can't play every
character right out the gate and they just hate them out. Yeah. And there's also like, there's
these, there's these cards that look like magic cards that could actually change abilities. And
that's something that to be fair, Overwatch doesn't really have, you can't really like
alter your abilities on the characters through some of the loot that you get.
So there are some very different things that paladin's doing, but you know, it's a calling it
an Overwatch inspired game is not a bad way to think about it. If like, is this a game I want
to get into or not? So, um, stopping and chat says, I want to try it, but I hear it has a lot
of grinding and too much pay to win. And well, it's free to try. And I just, I went in and did
some AI matches and I was like, Oh, this is all right. This is, this is fun. This is a good time
waster. So I don't think I'm going to sit there and drop 50 bucks on it, but I can see why people
get into it. It actually, actually, I would say to be fair, especially in the art style,
it does remind me more of team fortress two in a lot of ways, even than it does Overwatch.
So, you know, which is what both games really probably just can't come up with a team fortress
three. They're allergic to three. Anyway. Um, one other thing I want to give a quick shout out to
is, uh, he was in chat earlier, but I guess he left at some point, but my buddy Gabe from
nascent games, uh, did a little show and tell for, uh, crumple, which is like super duper close to
getting released, I guess now at this point. And, uh, so I got to, I played it on Amazon fire.
Cause I wanted to see what it was like on the tablet. Cause you know, I'd seen it,
I'd played it before when he had it on a PC at one of those gaming shows.
I tried it on a tablet and, um, yeah, I mean, I'm excited for him for the game to finally launch.
So congrats to him. Uh, I guess it is finally coming out next month, but there are a couple
other things he's, you know, I gave him some feedback on how I felt about his finished product.
And I think there are a couple of things he's thinking about implementing over the next month.
So that'll be out very soon. And it gave me an opportunity to check out that space.
Remember when him and Bree were here last time they were talking about like the square one,
which is like, it's like not to give away where I live, but it's like just down the street is not
that far from here at all. So I was, I was pleasantly surprised by that and they've got
a nice little thing going there. So, um, I'm very happy for them. It's like, it's like going into
like a shared office space, but it's, it's very hip. I don't know how else to describe it. Cause
I only got to see the, the, I haven't, I haven't worked there. I've only experienced the, uh,
little media event he had there. So, but it's, it's, it's like, it's like they took a converted
office basically, and they're converting it to this, you know, this office is for NASA and games,
this office is for somebody else who wants to rent it. And there's these other spaces where people
can, you know, collaborate and do stuff too. And there's a little classroom in the back where they
can do like, you know, their, um, development panels and things that they do. Yeah. They're
aggressive. I feel like when we have, I'll let them explain it better. Next time we either have
him or Brie back on the show, we'll let them explain it better probably than I can do,
but it was just, it was nice to go there and see the growing game development scene in Sacramento
is always a pleasant thing. So it was very happy to do that. So, and I see Brie is actually in
chat tonight and gave me a heart. So thank you very much. Heart's right back at you.
All right. Uh, let's, um, move on. I think that's, uh, that's really all I have to say
about my gaming week. Um, yeah, so we got news to cover other stuff besides just E3 and 15
years and gave me weeks. So Loki start us off, please. Yes. Um, so IO interactive has finally
left, um, square Enix. They, you know, basically said that, you know, Hey, we're, we're independent
now. Um, and the best part about it is they also are keeping the rights to hit man. So that is
still their franchise, which is kind of cause you see sometimes, you know, when these companies get
bought by other companies that, you know, they don't retain the rights to some of those games
and then the new owner hangs onto it for all time, never to do anything with it. Yeah. Yeah.
So it is nice to see that, you know, they're going to be able to do their own thing,
maybe with another, um, you know, publishing partner. So yeah, I mean, that's pretty cool.
And he said, you know, it's 19 year history IO interactive has, um, you know, brought out lots
of different games. And they said that, you know, from many ninjas, the freedom fighters,
and of course, Kane and Lynch and agent 47 and hit man. So, um, you know, they've, I don't know,
they're going to be independent now. So it'd be cool to see what they're going to be working on
next. Well, since you're very anti publisher tonight, Loki, this should be good news for them,
right? Cause now they'll be able to do whatever the fuck they want. Nice to have flexibility
about what, you know, where you're going to publish with and they don't have to do their
game episodic if they don't like, although, although people didn't seem to dislike that
for hit man. So maybe they'll keep it. Who knows? Yeah, that'd be interesting. So I'm curious to
see what happens in the future with them. So at E3, a lot of people were talking about the
Minecraft 4k, right? But then the other announcement that Minecraft was going to be
cross platform and they actually had the, the switch was in there and it was going to be
cross platform across the tablets, PC switch, all that stuff. But you know what was missing y'all
was Sony PlayStation and uh, yeah. Um, apparently Microsoft was trying to talk to Sony about it.
And uh, let's see, there was a tweet from Minecraft spokesperson Aubrey Norris, uh,
over on Twitter. Wasn't she with, uh, yeah. THQ. She was with Devolver 1.1. She, um, I don't
remember if she was a Devolver, but I know she's a THQ. She, we, we used to get emails from her
all the time. I met her at 1E3. Um, and um, cause I just remember her doing a lot of like
the volition stuff. Yes, it was volition. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It was THQ. That's it. That's
it. Okay. And uh, Bobby Blackwolf in chat follows that up. She was never a Devolver. She was a THQ
and volition. Sorry. My bad. My bad. My bad. I can't, I can't, I, these companies probably
can't keep their own personnel straight. Let alone me. So anyway, but I, I just remember
the name sounded very familiar to you cause she wrote the most hilarious emails to promote all
this stuff. She's very good at getting attention, but anyway, best in PR now she's Minecraft,
which you know, is obviously that, uh, that franchise. And she went on Twitter and said,
we'd love to have PlayStation players along with the unified Minecraft hope that we can.
So apparently this went on to the fact that this is something that PlayStation is pushing back on
a little bit. And this is a little bit true with rocket league as well. And a Eurogamer actually
did an interview with Jim Ryan, whose PlayStation global sales and marketing had to say,
Minecraft's got this rocket league's got this. What's going on as Sony not playing ball.
Jim Ryan said, it's certainly not a profound philosophy stance we have against this philosophical
stance. Excuse me. We've done it in the past. We're always open to conversations with any
developer or publisher who wants to talk about it. Unfortunately, it's a commercial discussion
between ourselves and other stakeholders. And I'm not going to get into the detail
of that on this particular instance. And I can see your eyes rolling.
And then a Eurogamer went on to clarify that, you know, obviously they're upset. They want to
play with switch owners and so forth. And Jim Ryan continued, we've got to be mindful of our
responsibility to our install base Minecraft, the demographic playing that, you know, as well as I
do, it's all ages, but also very young. We have a contract with the people who go online with us
that we look after them and they are within the PlayStation curated universe exposing what in
many cases are children to external influences. We have no ability to manage or look after.
It's something we have to think about very carefully. So, what I'm taking away from this
is that he's saying basically, if a child were to go into a match or whatever with a Microsoft
player and that Microsoft player draws penises out of Minecraft blocks, then heaven forbid that child
saw a digital penis and it was Microsoft that enabled said penising and not Sony because Sony
would have been unable to police that because Sony police is so much on their network as it is.
That's kind of what I took away from it. But then you go, okay, there's a part of me that said,
all right, well, what is cross-play on Sony? Final Fantasy 14 is obviously the first one that comes
to mind for me. If you want to go further back, Final Fantasy 11 was huge because that was
Microsoft, Sony and PC, 360, PlayStation 2 and PC. We're all in on that. But then I kind of go,
well, okay, but Square Run uses its own game masters. And so there's GMs that, you know,
can moderate this type of stuff. So I guess, okay, it is a little different. But what about Street
Fighter V? What about Street Fighter V? That's the other big cross-play thing I think of. There's no
GMs in that. Is that just because kids don't play Street Fighter or because Street Fighter is an
M-rated game? I don't think it's their excuses why, you know, I don't think it has anything to
do with kids. So, like, I don't remember, like, back last year when they made the announcement,
who made the announcement about cross-platform. And it was actually Microsoft saying that they're
going to allow Xbox gamers to play against PlayStation 4 and PC players. But I don't think,
and then Sony, of course, responded back to that saying, well, PlayStation has been supporting
cross-platform play between PC and on several software titles, including Final Fantasy 11 on
PlayStation 2 and PC back in 2002. It's like, ha-ha, we did it first. Of course, they were
saying, you know, we would be happy to have the conversation with any publisher or developers who
are interested in cross-platform play. That was last year. This year, probably because they're,
as Bobby put, so ahead of the game, there's nothing really for them to gain on this.
Aside from disappointing, you know, people that do, like, you and me, like, and most, like,
gamers out there, dude, we're not your fucking company, okay? For us, you know, to lose the
ability to play with our friends on different platforms is kind of a disappointment. I get it,
you're company, and this is, like, an advantage for you because you're ahead of the game. But
that shit shifts all the time. It's still disappointing that you're being petty about this.
If you want to talk 2006 E3 for a minute, those were very different times when Sony would have
begged for this sort of thing. So, don't get cocky, y'all, haven't we? Ask Rap Rabbit about
that one. I just, I'm surprised, like, I get it. It's about business and about the bottom line,
but, like, can't these companies come together and say, hey, you know what? This is a cool idea.
Let's see if we can implement cross-platform play amongst all these different platforms
so that we can benefit the players. But, oh, fuck that. No, money, money. I need my money.
Pay for that PlayStation Plus and the Xbox Live. If I were to take Jim Brian at face value on what
he's saying here, then I would think this could be solved as follows. Don't let the PlayStation
people play with Xbox or Switch or any of the other stuff until they acknowledge a disclaimer
that says you are leaving the PlayStation Network and Sony does not moderate and cannot be held
liable for what you're about to see or whatever that. Or restrict it to 18 and up if you want.
Don't let accounts with birthdays prior to whatever's 18 up. Don't let him use it. Lock
the under 18 crowd out. Sorry, but, you know, if that's what it's going to take to get the
rest of us on board, then do it. All of like any game that has online says, you know, online,
the online portion is unrated. It's not rated by the ESRB. So you may see dicks. I mean,
that's warning dicks. Ahoy. How boring.
That's that's all we need is everybody's getting into the, you know, the pirate game,
you know, thing that's the new popular thing. That's the devolver digital tie right there.
Dicks Ahoy! I can see it now. Isn't that like a porn star's name? Dixie Hoy. If not,
that should be a drag queen's name. Dixie Hoy.
Patent pending. Trademark. I'm sure that there's got to be a Dixie Wrecked. I'm sure that's
well, I know there's also Dixie Normous. So I did see like kind of on tangent here,
since we're talking about weird names for things, I did see that someone has used the power of
machine learning to name guinea pigs. And so this machine can look at a guinea pig
and come up with a name. Why is it anyway? Can't do that for babies?
Well, yeah, I guess you could. I mean, if you want to name them gerbil names or whatever,
or like hamster names or guinea pig names, whatever. But like, why can't we be using
machine learning for like naming drag queens? I mean, or porn stars or really anything.
I'm pretty sure for some season of Drag Race, Logo TV had, well, we already have a machine.
It's the name of your first pet plus the street you grew up on is your drag queen name.
That's also a way to get people's security questions.
That's right. So you got to be careful what you post on Facebook. That's why I'm not going
to answer that question here on OLR. But yeah, sometimes those things are little tricks. But
anyway, moving on. Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Well, this, you know, I'm gonna say right now, this might sound really weird to at least those
of us, at least in America, where it's illegal to do something like this. But Konami has been,
well, the report is that they are allegedly blacklisting their ex employees in the Japanese
video game industry. So basically, the ones in particular that they're targeting are people that
worked for Kojima Productions. What it was actually printed in Nikkei Asian Review, that
there was a Kojima Productions executive who applied for Kojima to join ITS Kenpo, which is
an insurance company that focuses on the gaming industry and the application was denied
because the the chair of that company's board is also a board member at Konami.
It's Kimihiko Higashio. So there's a lot of evidence, but it's not confirmed. But
and of course, it was asked of Konami US and there was no reply.
Well, the US is also different rules anyway. So it's likely that if this is true, and we should
say allegedly, well, there's all Japan. There's another quote in here from the article from Nikkei
Asian Review is that they have, they're apparently not allowed to put their Konami experience on
their public resume. And it was quoted saying, if you leave the company, you cannot reply,
on Konami's name to land a job. Well, to be there with my LinkedIn profile.
And if an ex-Konami employee is interviewed by the media, the company will send them a letter
through a legal representative about whatever they say about it. So take it as you will.
So this is to stop people from bad mouthing it, basically.
Exactly. Which, of course, we know here in the US, highly illegal.
Right. So you're really not trying that hard not to be dicks, right?
All right. It's my how the mighty have fallen. Bobby Black Wolf chat asks,
is Konami run by the Yakuza now? Like seriously, serious question. Is it?
Probably not. But I wouldn't be surprised. I know. Right. It's sad. It's sad.
Moving on. Happy Loki, right? Or more sad. More sad?
More sad. So there was a Rockstar had sent a cease and desist to modding software called Open 4.
And Open 4 has been around forever since, you know, for being grand theft out of four
is one of the pieces of software that I used at one time to unarchive some other files and stuff
and, you know, help mod the game and everything. And, you know, this has been around for like 10
years now and people use it for a lot of things. Now, currently Open 4 is closed software, so you
can't like really see the code for it. And they were putting things in place where if you were
using Open 4, you wouldn't be able to mod online. It was mainly for offline purposes. You could
use it to, you know, change out models and stuff like that. And so really kind of benign stuff.
But nonetheless, they went ahead and put it out there. And I guess Take 2 has followed up with
this because people are not happy one bit about it because you're essentially killing, you know,
single-player modding. And so they said, you know, Take 2's actions were not specifically
targeting single-player mods. Unfortunately, Open 4 enables recent malicious mods that allow
harassment of players and airfield grand theft auto online experiences for everybody. We're
working to figure out a way we can continue to support the creative community without negatively
impacting our players, which is a big fucking line of bullshit because it does not work online.
There's no way to use it for online modding, period. So that is a bunch of bullshit. And to
go along with that, you know, once again, GoodNTS, the guy that actually made the software,
he's responded to it as well, saying, you know, Open 4, Liberty City, and GTA 5, and all other
mods slash projects from my team and me are only specific for single-player. Rockstar must be aware
about the fact that you cannot access GTA Online while you have installed any Open 4 mod. And he
even posted a screenshot, basically says, alert, you are attempting to access GTA Online servers
with an altered version of the game returning to Grand Theft Auto 5. It literally blocks you from
playing online. This is a statement, unfortunately, Open 4 enables recent malicious mods that allow
harassment of players and airfield grand theft auto online experiences for everybody. It's just
wrong and they know it. Open 4 does not allow or support any kind of GTA Online mods. We always
supported Rockstar in their right to protect GTA Online from hacks and cheats, but Take-Two C and D
was specific for our single-player mods and have no mentions about Grand Theft Auto Online.
Then on top of that, not only were they forced to take stuff down, but actually there was some
other C synthesis for actual Grand Theft Auto Online mods. So one of those was Forks Hacks,
which is a mod menu that you can use in Grand Theft Auto Online that actually required a $15
a month fee to access it. And what's kind of funny with that is basically they were, it says,
after discussions with Take-Two Interactive, effective immediately, we are ceasing all
maintenance, development, and distribution of the Forks Hacks cheap menu service. We will be donating
our proceeds to charity and we apologize for all problems, Forks Hacks services of cost to the
Grand Theft Auto community. So they are kind of cleaning the house along with that lexicon and
menu tools have also been posted statements basically receiving a C synthesis as well.
So yes, it sucks. I mean, it's good that they're getting rid of those online mod menus because
that's really where the problems are coming from. It sucks that they're targeting Open 4 because
that really is not part of this. Their thought is because draw in, and honestly it was one of
the reasons I purchased Grand Theft Auto for the third time. Grand Theft Auto 5 for the third time
on my third console. No more giving me shit about Mass Effect 3. For the third time on PCB because
it was for modding because I wanted to mod the game and that was one of the reasons. Now they
have basically stolen that from me, which is ridiculous. And I mean, I don't know, we'll find
a way around it, I'm sure, but it's still annoying that they would punish players like that because
I think what it comes down to, as this is the head of Take-Two said before, they see the player
base as more wood to be chopped. Whereas basically those people that bought the game and are spending
a lot of their time offline playing with mods, if you want all that creative stuff that you were
able to do with modding, now you better go out to play online and buy those shark cards so that you
can buy all this content. That's kind of what's keeping me offline a lot because of this whole
pay-the-win stuff. I want to go to chat because there's a lot of comments from this here in chat.
Dungeonbuster in chat says, Steam rankings for Grand Theft Auto 5 are torn down by a lot of
angry reviewers. From what I understand, the mod tool took a lot of pains to avoid the problems
the Cease and Desist accused it of. Tigerclaw in chat says, I wonder how this will affect a Grand
Theft Auto 5 community that does Grand Theft Auto 5 RPs. There's a community that role plays in
Grand Theft Auto 5 using a mod so they can play as cops. Yeah, you're probably not gonna be able to
do it anymore. That sucks. Yeah, it does suck because that was really benign stuff that they
had and it was just changing. They want to charge for it like Bethesda is. Well, here's what it was
is they were just playing with like different modifications that weren't necessarily affecting
online. A lot of it was just like model swaps like you're taking their generic police car and
replacing with a real police car model. Who gives a shit? No, it's not affecting anybody else except
the player that's actually using the mod and so it's just sad that they, I think that they,
they're gonna play dumb and pretend like, oh well, you know, I guess the excuse might be,
well someone hacked it and they modded it so that it works online. Okay, well that's not,
you of all people, take two, should fucking know about how someone hacked something and
it's not representative of the actual product. Hello cop, you know, hot coffee mod anyone?
I mean shit, I mean you have that stuff disabled but someone hacked it and then they accessed it
and so that's not representative of what the final product was. I mean come on, you understand what
it is and like they went out more than I think fair out of their way to try to prevent any sort
of this nonsense and then they're still getting punished for it and I think it's because of
fucking greed. It's because once again they want you to pay for those because Grand Theft Auto
Online is making a ton of money and they feel and they even fucking boldly just, just, just
bragged about it. Just like we think that we can get more money that people aren't paying enough
on Grand Theft Auto Online. We want you, we're just gonna go get that wood shop.
Wow.
It's, it's fucking sick.
All right, well I'm gonna move on for time's sake but wow, that's a pretty bold move. Let's talk
about, let's, now finally I have some good news because I know everybody wants to go
to Super Nintendo Land when it opens up at Universal Studios. Yay theme park news,
yay theme parks make it all better. Well apparently some information already hitting
out on the internet. Some leaked information about the Orlando Park and what Super Nintendo
Land is supposed to look like. Now keep in mind it could be fake but I don't know it looks.
They have the trailer for the Japanese.
Yeah, they have the trailer for the Japanese one so we, you know, there are some things out there
that are legit but anyway apparently a Mario Kart ride is happening. That is part of it which
seems so obvious doesn't it? I just hope I can blue shell my friends. That's just what I hope
is a part of it. But anyway, also there might be Kirby areas and Zelda areas. There's a Kirby Kids
Playland, a Donkey Kong Island, a Zelda Kingdom, and a Super Mario World ride which I assume is,
is part of the, where the Mario Kart thing is. For those familiar with Universal Studios Orlando,
I've never been there. I only know the one in Hollywood but it's right by the Simpsons ride
where they're building it. It's right on the other side of that.
I mean it's all right but it sounds like the Kirby Land really sucks.
I think that's a pun. Act Def, Act Def put it down. I think, I think, I think that was just a pun.
So anyway, yeah, I, hey, I'm all for, I can't wait for this to come out. I want to, I want to go,
I want to go there. I really do. Act Def in chat says, Kirby area, when are we going?
Let's see, Dungeon Buster in chat says, if the Zelda Kingdom has a ride as awesome as
Gringotts bank ride, I'm there. It looks like the Mario ride is the biggest one.
I don't even think Zelda has a ride. It looks like more of the photo opportunities, but you never
know. We'll, we'll see. We'll see what they build there. Because if you think about it, they did do
that expansion in Orlando and they just opened in Hollywood. So I finally went there. The Harry
Potter area expanded. And I got to say that ride is fucking magical. Like that, that, the Forbidden
Journey or whatever that ride is called the one that's like, uh, it's like half roller coaster,
half in front of screens and stuff. That ride is fucking magical. Like I, I really enjoyed that
ride, but they have, so that's like the highlight. That's like the thing you have to fucking do if
you go to Harry Potter world. Um, but then they also have like a little roller coaster that's,
Oh, okay. It's cute. And that's like it. So they opened this whole Harry Potter world to open up
shops, things that look like Harry Potter world to sell butter beer. So you can expect that there's
going to be a lot of that when Nintendo as well, a lot of it is going to be to sell you Nintendo
merchandise. I'm sure plenty of you are going to be okay with that. The shroom market. There's
a fan. That's right. That's right. Who knows what, what food and drink, but they're not telling you
though, unfortunately is that super Mario world or a super Nintendo land or whatever. It's actually
based off of the super Mario brothers movie. And so it's all post-apocalyptic with like crappy
fungus everywhere. And, and like tiny did universal put out that movie? I don't think
they did. I don't think universal was a studio behind that movie. I feel like it was new line
or somebody else. It was probably new line. All right. Anyway, let's move on. Uh, dark soccer.
What do you have for us before we get to the classic game of the week soon?
Well, um, they have confirmed a prequel for life is strange. They've, uh, confirmed a three part
prequel. Um, and it will be called, uh, before the storm. And it was actually confirmed by
Ashley Burch, who played Chloe, that she will not be, uh, uh, reprising her role
because the sag afters after a strike. So, um, she, um, but she apparently was consulted about
the, the role anyway. So, um, it should be interesting. I hope that, you know, there is a
good voice actor, but still, I think it's really shady for them going around the guild. You know,
when this strike is there for improving the conditions of voice actors.
I have heard there's some more progress, like just in this last week that there's progress being
made at the strike that I guess they're going to sit down at the table again and hopefully
fucking resolve this already. But yeah, I mean, now, I mean, we all said when the strike first
started, you're not going to feel it now, but you're going to fit these games in production.
You're going to start to feel it later on. And so now, now we're starting to see it a little bit.
So I just hope that perception of, Oh, nothing's changed. Hasn't like been the cause of this going
on so long, but I think some independent, like some studios have kind of independently kind of
like it's this whole strike is very strange because like, I think some studios have like
independently met the needs. And so they're like, okay, but others aren't. And it's very,
it's very fragmented right now. But it's just so irritating that there are still studios out there
who are looking for voice actors who aren't yet in the guild. Cause it takes a lot to get
into the screen actors guild. And the fact that they're looking for people who may be,
who may be willing to work in those conditions for a lesser amount of money, you know,
it damages all the attempts being made by the screen, by the voice actors. It's really,
and these companies that are doing it know full well that they're harming these people.
So I hope this isn't the case. I hope it's just a contract issue, but I still, I still have little
respect for anyone who's going to. I have, I'll say I don't have respect for the action
of anything that would harm the goal of SAG-AFTRA.
Sure. And we have, we have friends of the show. Y'all know miss Marissa is in that industry and,
you know, has hopefully given a voice to that side of it here on the show.
Yeah. We're going to have her back.
We do. And Marissa is very talented.
Yes, she is. Yes. Yes. Uh, anyway, I got to go to this follow-up comment and chat over
at live.vognetware.com to the Mario brothers and who made the movie. Tiger class says the
super Mario brothers movie was made by Hollywood pictures and distributed by Buena Vista pictures,
distribution, ink, Hollywood pictures. If I remember is owned by Disney. And I,
I recall that as well. So no wonder they went to the other place in Orlando.
No wonder they were like Disney. Nah, I'm good. We'll go to, we'll go. We'll go to the other place.
Thanks. See ya.
All right. Loki, what do you have for us before we get to a classic end of the week coming up?
As I spoiled earlier in this show, uh, level five has acquired Comcept and they've created
a subsidiary now called level five concept. Yes. It's a very unique, um, name. And of course,
Comcept, you may remember is releasing a game called mighty number nine, and they have that
red Ash something or other game that's coming out. That's, you know, the not mega man legends,
but mega man legends, but Hey, we're already starting an anime and the game, and we haven't
even put out the one game. And yeah. So, um, level five concept is also working on a game. Actually,
their first title is going to be called dragging colonies, which is going to be an iOS and Android
title. And that's soon coming out in Japan and 2018, it looks like, and they said it's going
to feature dice shaped miniature garden colonies called a colonies and players can build them up.
And there's one-on-one honestly, it sounds like every single mobile game that's out there.
I've seen a lot of mobile game advertisements having to play this free to play game.
Sure. And they all fucking look the same. Like I'm, I know it's a terrible thing. Nothing
looks quite like Garth. Nothing. Nothing looks quite like Garfield go Garfield go.
And I played like a brief minute of it. That is one janky piece of shit. Like I'm telling you,
it's just like that. That was like, Hey, let's cash that shit in.
All right. Well, uh, you know, one of the things that's come up a lot lately and even
Loki references earlier in the show are the voice chat solutions over on the switch,
by the way, somebody did poke Reggie on that. And I don't, I don't have the interview in front of me
because it doesn't relate to what I'm about to talk about. But I do recall Reggie saying
something similar to what I thought I had mentioned here on OLR, that what we saw that
hoary thing, that, uh, thing with the Splatoon, that's just one possible solution. That is not,
that's what one third party is doing. That's not the end all only way that's going to work.
But Reggie does confirm it will be through an app, but there have been other people that have just
kind of said, well, that's kind of what we're doing anyway. We're using Skype or we're using
discord, uh, is one thing that's growing a lot with gamers. And, uh, what's interesting about
this is that a fan actually asked discord on Twitter, cause that's what we do now these days
is tweet people about an app on the Nintendo switch and discord said, we hope so. And they
gave a link to a upvote the idea over at a particular link. So discord would love to be
involved in the solution over on the Nintendo switch. I don't think it would work because you
can't have two apps at the same time. Can you, um, but that's yet to be determined. I think with
the switch, you can, well, you can have the shell of the system, the OS and changing the games and
all that still runs while you have a game running in the background. So the system is able to
multitask. I think more than probably the Wii U was able to, but we don't, we don't know it's
full potential yet. I think it's too early to say cause we haven't. Uh, it's a nice idea, but I just,
I I'm skeptical now. Tiger class. Is there a discord app on Xbox one and PlayStation four?
I don't believe so. So, uh, at least not that I'm aware of is there, if there is,
I've never used it. Um, but it's more, I think of it more as a PC slash mobile phone thing is,
is where discord is a solution for a lot of things. They don't go with like Skype or something
because you would think Skype is well, who owns Skype, Loki, Microsoft. Yeah. So, but no, there's
a reason for that because they're talking like cross play for like other, um, games and stuff.
I mean, you would think if you, if you use the Skype app, then you're, I have, let's honestly,
people are going to find another solution. That's gonna be better than what Nintendo has anyway. So
why am I even thinking about this? By the way, speaking of discord, I can, uh, teach you with
this a little bit, by the way, uh, Bobby and I were talking earlier this evening and there is
going to be a VOG network discord in the very near future. Uh, something that we want to use
as more and more of our, um, uh, personalities and shows are growing into the live broadcasting
over on Twitch. Um, that not just includes myself, but Bobby and even more people that
are getting involved with that, um, as well as having a place, uh, for example,
a chat room that's kind of always on, except, uh, like not only on Sunday nights, by the way,
IRC is not going anywhere, at least not right. And it's not, not anything we're talking about
right now. The IRC is still gonna work the same way it always does for the Sunday night shows.
I'm not saying that, but a nice way, for example, maybe if we had a channel on OLR
and throughout the week, you might find a story that's like, Hey, I wish you guys would talk
about this on the show. We're going to have a place where to kind of collect that information.
So that's going to be really exciting. So, uh, I see, I see discord myself as more of like the
modern version of the forums because our VOG network forums kind of have tumbleweed rolling
through them. Um, so I think discord is going to be a great, uh, uh, I don't want to say replacement,
I think a great evolution, let's say of that. So please look forward to it.
I was hoping we might be able to unveil that tonight, but I've, and it's my fault. I've been
so busy that Bobby and I have been able to coordinate notes on that. So look forward to it
soon. Uh, period. Uh, Bobby Blackwolf says technically the IRC is always on all week.
Rob just never shows up outside of Sundays. Yeah, I guess it's, it's part of my, partially my fault,
but at the same time, um, you know, I think discord is kind of built a little more because
it's on your mobile phone to be somewhere that goes with you. Whereas IRC isn't as,
I mean, yes, I know there's IRC clients on the phone, but we all know it's not as easy,
so it'll be nice. So stay tuned for that. Meanwhile, we're going to take a trip
down memory lane with the classic game of the week.
Every week, dark soccer steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks,
Hey, you ungrateful kids, get off my lawn and go play this video game. Now dark soccer,
it is an anniversary show tonight. It is the 15th birthday of OLR tonight. So I expect nothing
less than an epic choice for tonight's classic game of the week. Are you, are you going to
deliver? It's relatively epic. I think so. I think she picked a good one this week. I think this is
a very appropriate choice. After much deliberation. And also you have to consider there's a lot of
things she's picked in the past that she didn't want to repeat. Yeah. But this is good. This is
a good choice. So dark soccer here on the 15th anniversary of OLR, what'd you pick for the
classic game of the week? Pump it up. Yay. Which is not what I originally picked, but after some
discussion, it turned out to be the right choice. That's right. For the record, it's never going
to be Halo. No Xbox Halo game is going to be classic game. Stop asking. No Xbox Halo game.
Honestly, 15 years ago, I would have never thought this would be a classic game of the
week, to be honest. So we're making progress. Plus Darian's fucking great. Anyway, pump it up.
It's a music game that was developed by Nextcade and published by Andamiro in Korea. And it is a
dance game and it's sort of like, I like to think of it as the flip side of DDR and as far as
dancing games goes, because it uses the squares that DDR doesn't. It's got five panels. And I
mean, it's got doubles play, but you basically have up left, up right, bottom left, bottom right
and the center panel. So it really is the flip side of DDR that way. And basically, like DDR,
the arrows are synchronized to a rhythm or beat of a chosen song. And you have to step on the
arrows the right way. It first came out in South Korea in August of 1999 and has been released in
other countries, including all over North America, South America, Europe, you know, I should say
continents then. But as far as other versions are concerned, the thing that I thought was kind of
neat about it is that it does have the, you know, the I'm falling on my ass help me bar,
which is kind of like in the shape of an R on one side and the reverse R the other way,
you know, I guess to hold over DDR. But man, that thing hurts when you fall on it.
So basically, each of the panels is made of acrylic glass and it's arranged like I described
earlier. And so each of these pads is switch activated. When the screen, you know,
shows you which one to step on, you step on it while hopefully not looking like you're flailing
for your life. Later on, we had the DX version that came out. Those use rear projection televisions
for the monitors. And they're definitely a lot cleaner looking. And they also have USB ports
after NX2. So you can save your statistics and, you know, and it does have a proprietary USB drive.
So moving on, there did have home versions that were released. There was the PC version that came
with the version of the dance mat. The arrows are exactly the same size as the arcade, you know,
and it connected to the PS2 port and had an adapter so that you could share that with your
keyboard. On the international versions, there is a USB plug. Also XSEDE and Xero were released for
PSP. In 2004, Andamira released the Korean version of Pump It Up XSEDE for PS2. And it had most of
the songs from the arcade XSEDE version. The US version came out in 2005 for Xbox and PlayStation
2. Under the name Pump It Up XSEDE and it had most of the songs from the Korean PS2 version and six
licensed songs. So there also are, of course, the emulated versions, or I should say simulated
versions like Kick It Up, Direct Move, and StepMania. But overall Pump It Up has been
really well received. The thing is is that you've got your DDR loyalists and then for a while I was
kind of, now the term didn't exist as we know it today, but I think, you know, a few years ago I
would have called some of our Pump It Up players as kind of dancing game hipsters. Everyone plays
DDR. I'm playing Pump It Up, you know, but at the same time it was really fun. It had a lot of
great music and I thought that having the full video playing in the background like it was for
a lot of the songs was kind of novel at the time given that we just had the repeating videos like
with DDR with the little dancing people over it. In some cases there were even a lot of songs that
I thought were a lot better than some of the versions of Pump It Up and it gave us some real
classics that, you know, that even today we can't, you know, think of the game without thinking of
those songs, you know. Like, I mean, yeah, we had Starion in DDR. It was a crossover, yeah. But we
had it in Pump It Up. We had Rent You. We had Funky Tonight which was just playing in the background
there. This is Shane's favorite song that we're transitioning into here, Lazenka. Yeah. You know,
you can't help but think of that one too, yeah. Just lots of great music and I would even say
in my opinion that the difficulty of Pump It Up might even be a little bit harder with DDR,
especially I'd say more if you're a DDR player going to Pump It Up and having a lot of experience
with it. You know, you kind of have to retrain your feet for it. And so overall, I mean, I think
that the game has really stood up. It's emerged as its own, in its own right as opposed to,
you know, DDR is the first thing that people think of. But I'd say it's like the Pepsi to
DDR's Coke, you know. And a lot of people think that Pepsi is better. I mean, I think Pepsi is
better but I'd like DDR better as a game but still, still, still, still. Don't you have 7 Up?
Girl, 7 Up is made by PepsiCo. They're a Pepsi product. Josta was a Pepsi product. Dr. Pepper.
Okay. Yeah, they're like that. What was that other game that I was trying to think of the name of?
Yeah, JD, I thought so. 7 Up is part of Dr. Pepper's Snapple.
Okay, whatever. So anyway, we've got all kinds of versions that were released but, you know,
as far as the other, the other games, I mean, the music in the games, you know, how a lot of the
DDR games went from the, great. Now, the fuck, what were the CDs?
VCDs or? Dance Mania CDs.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Dance Maniacs.
Yeah, well, it went though from a lot of, I'm trying to think of the company.
Oh, Toshiba EMI.
Yeah, Toshiba EMI. But, you know, Konami also had their own in-house as well. And for Pump It
Up, they had Banya, which was their in-house artist group.
What good timing. We're in a Banya song right now. Love is a Danger Zone.
Another good time. But they got a lot of good K-pop licenses. And they even though would go
kind of like how, again, DDR was doing too. There were covers of classical music done in
symphonic rock style, like for example, Canon and D. Okay, I hate Canon. I hate playing it. Okay,
that's my tangent on that one for me. But they'd have some jazz and folk and ska in there. It was
pretty cool. The only thing is that they were not so keen on some of the electronic music.
But the first time it came up would be in NX2, usually with covers of American music. So
there you go. It all started with the first dance floor.
All right, there it is the classic game of the week. Pump It Up, aka that other dance game.
Man, I'm still trying to remember what the one that had the six.
So I was just say this day and age is kind of, I mean, fast forward to 15 years later,
I mean, we say that tongue in cheek that other dance game. But now it's like, especially when
you go to a place like round one, it's right. It's side by side with DDR. And you've got people
that are playing both. That's the one I was trying to think of was Easy to Dancer.
Easy to Dancer. Oh my God. That's right. They had one in that bowling alley in Oakland.
There's your Snapple. That's not even the Snapple. That's like Shasta.
That's the Dr. Thunder. It's the Walmart brand. Easy to Dancer was okay,
but my God, it was kind of boring. All right. 3DDX was like the RC Cola.
Oh God. All right. We got to take a break. When we come back, guys, plenty more of
Orange Lounge Radio. We got some emails tonight. We're going to get into release dates as well.
And your calls. We actually don't have as many stories in part B, which probably good
because this first part is run long. We're almost at two hours, just the first half of the show.
Yeah. We got allowed. We're old. Yeah, I know. We got plenty more show to come.
Your calls at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype after a quick break. Don't go anywhere. We
will be right back on this very special OLR. To register participation for this week's
episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, lock.
All of our love and support go out to you tonight on this special day. Rob, Jamie and Loki.
Oh my God. It's almost your sweet 16 hearts. There better be a party for that y'all. Anyway,
have a great show. Congrats again and see you space cowboy.
Thank you very much to our pals over at gameboy.org. We didn't even ask for those
because some of you might've been like, OLR was taking the bumpers. Actually, we didn't solicit
that. That just showed up in Dropbox. So I thought that was a nice little surprise from
our pals over at gameboy.org. So thank you very much for that. I appreciate that. And I love what
they do over there so much that I do a show on the side with those two. It was a lot of fun.
So anyway, um, also I want to make sure this doesn't get lost in the shuffle. I do want to
get back into gaming news, but we've had so much going on tonight with, with E3 and the 15th
birthday and all that other stuff. I want to make sure this doesn't get lost. Happy father's day
to all the gamer dads and dad-like figures and et cetera and so forth out there, uh, including
our very own, of course, Loki is, uh, celebrating father's day today. Did the kids leave you alone
today so you could play video games? Well, that's a rip off. Sorry to hear that. That's right. They,
we went to dinner last night and then they're so whiny yesterday, but ah, what are you gonna do?
All right. Uh, well anyway, so, so yes. And of course, cat dads, dog dads, all that. I hope
everybody, whoever, however you're celebrating today, you're enjoying your father's day today.
And moms who are dads to their kids. Why not? Why not? Why not? Single moms or whatever the
situation is. All the single mamas put your hands up. All right. Uh, we're going to get back into
some video game news though. Let's go to some rapid fire news. Loki. So there's this, um,
cool video I saw online for this. They have a VR center now that's in Namco Bandai's VR zone in
Shinjuku. And they have a lot of cool games. They're one of which is actually a VR super
Mario Kart experience. So you actually sit in these little, it looks like go-karts. You have
a vibe on and they even have like sensors on their hands so that you could throw shells and
everything. It looks pretty bad-ass. Um, aside from that, let's just say that Mario isn't your
thing. Then, um, they would also have a neon Genesis game. They actually go and, um, fight,
you know, some of the angels in that. And then they even have a Dragon Ball Z experience as
well. So you can like throw fireballs and stuff. Hmm. It looks pretty, pretty awesome from the
video. So I want to check that out, but that made me think, you know, when we're talking about the
whole Super Nintendo land and like a Mario Kart experience, I was like, I could see something very
similar to that being like the Mario Kart experience. So it's not like a new ride they
have over at, um, Six Flags Marine World or whatever they're calling it now over in Vallejo.
They have the whole, uh, like there's some roller coaster, but it runs on VR or something.
Like it's like part roller coaster, but you have big headsets on. Oh,
that they, I know they have like some of these roller coasters that they can kind of like remix
the experience basically. So they have a, it's, um, at least the ones I've seen in the past have
been a gear VR and you wear them on your, your face and it's synced, the movements are synced
to the actual ride. So you're feeling all the G forces and stuff from the roller coaster,
but you're like flying through space or like at the city or something like that.
Does that mean that's cool? I still don't like roller coasters enough to try that,
but it looks cool. Sounds cool. By the way, a quick follow up before you get to your other thing,
quick follow up on the happy father's day thing. Uh, JD reminds me of this. There was a
game announced on steam today called dream daddy, a dad dating simulator that's making
its rounds on the internet. So it reminded me to, uh, wish a happy father's day to all
those daddies out there as well. Wink nudge. Sorry, Loki back to you.
So wasting no time whatsoever. There was a mod for super Mario 64 called super Mario
Odyssey 64 that allows you to have the, um, hat power up to take control of different creatures,
including like they have a bomb, um, all the different things. So you can even use that on,
um, was it on the castle grounds? You can take control of birds and other stuff,
collect and throw coins. Um, so very cool. So yeah, that was released by cause a, uh,
um, a monitor and yeah, I mean, that's just crazy that it only took him like a week to do that.
So if you're interested in checking it out, um, they had a link on Kotaku for it. So good.
Or go Nintendo has a link too. So, all right. All right. Well, moving on, uh, this is, uh,
another rerelease of this game. That's come out a few times in different platforms. It's 2064
read only memories, uh, which came from mid boss, which we had Matt from mid boss on the show.
They're also the folks that put on gamer X, which that did get funded gamer X East. So our pals on
the East coast will get to go to that for a second time this year. Um, but mid boss also
behind this game, 2064 read only memories. And it was announced this week that it will be coming out
to the Nintendo switch and there will be some new extras, including some switch exclusive features,
new voice scenes, fast skip auto save and, uh, other core gaming improvements. And it's running
on a new framework for unity. So they're calling it 2064 read only memories in integral. So good
luck with that release. That's early 18, 2018. We don't know specifically when yet.
And, uh, another piece I have here, this comes from, um, uh, actually the, uh, Southern fried
game room expo, which a VOG network was sponsoring during this last weekend. I know Bobby was talking
a lot about it on his show, but I hope some of y'all, some of y'all were able to go visit that,
uh, there was a, um, cabinet there, a restored sky skipper cabinet. And this was something where,
um, Nintendo was going to put this out, I guess, but then they didn't, uh, it was dropped in 1982.
Uh, but, uh, even though some ROMs found their way online, uh, and I guess there was an Atari
2,600 version of this, although I don't remember it at all, but I guess that was something there
was no cabinets, uh, that were really known to exist. So they actually were able to get one of
the cabinets from the vaults of Nintendo America. So that's something right there that Nintendo kind
of agreed to let this happen. So that's pretty cool. Uh, and then, uh, yeah, there was a prototype
cabinet that was actually built and on display there as Southern fried, uh, Southern fried game
room expo. And there's a whole little walkthrough and all this stuff over at YouTube, John's arcade,
which I know dark soccer has mentioned on the show before. And w speaking of ties from a long time
ago, John being one of the hosts on video game outsiders, which was at all games radio at the
same time we were so kind of funny how that all plays out. Now he has a massively successful
YouTube channel and we're, well, we're turning 15. I'm just teasing. No, that's great. Uh, so
yeah, I would like to play this game someday. Perhaps that machine will tour the country.
We'll see. Uh, anyhow, uh, let's move on dark soccer. A few things from you.
Oh, just some stuff basically. Um, first of all, going on about the Atari 2,600,
there is a revival console that, uh, is, uh, going to be, I mean, first of all,
there's a bajillion ways that you can play, um, Atari 2,600 games regardless, but now, um,
there is, uh, the retron 77 that is, uh, basically a remade Atari 2,600. You can use original
joysticks, but you can use USB controllers. And, um, they, the theory is going that it would be
retail about 80 bucks. So we'll see, of course, uh, being released by, uh, Hyperkin. And then the
second thing not so happy is that, um, Keith Robinson, uh, who is the guy behind the Intellivision,
he died on Wednesday this past week, 61 years old, not bad, not great, but, um,
you know, he, uh, designed games for, uh, the Intellivision that was put up by Mattel.
And then he bought the rights to a television and, uh, kept up with Intellivision lives
collections. So thank you to him and rest in peace. Yeah. You know, actually I'm speaking
of E3 memories. I don't know if you guys remember this, but that whole year, you know, and I
referenced this earlier in the show that whole year that all the all game stuff was there at
the arena. He was there being interviewed by Scott over at all games and all of them, he was,
he was there at that arena. What did they call the arena lounge or whatever it was during the
during E3, that one year. So I remember meeting the guy and, you know, listening to some of his
stories. So it's, um, you know, it's, it's definitely a loss and a harsh reminder that
some of these great minds in gaming that brought us these games in the seventies and eighties,
you know, they're getting up there in age is as horrible as it may sound to say, you know,
we gotta, we gotta get as many interviews, as many recordings, as many stories, as much as we
can about those times before it's too late. So, Oh, one thing I wanted to mention, I forgot to
mention during my VR story. Yeah. One of the other games that they noticed that they had on there
was a VR prop cycle game. Oh yeah. Everybody like, you know, doing the whole like, you know,
stationary bike thing. So I thought that was kind of cool.
Huh? All right. Well, let's travel around and look at what's coming out in stores
this week. What will be on shelves this week, Loki?
So this week we've got God Wars Future Pass on PlayStation 4 and Vita. Um, we have Next Machina
on PC and PlayStation 4, and then on 3DS Ever Oasis, um, Get Even on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox
One. And finally Secret Worlds Legends on PC. All right. Traveling over to Japan, uh, on the
PlayStation 4 this week in Japan, LocoRoco gets its release. Uh, I remember they were remastering
some old favorites from like PSP and stuff, uh, or, you know, like Prapa was one of these. Now
LocoRoco is coming as well. That'll be out on PlayStation 4 on June the 22nd, as well as Far
Point gets its Japanese release this week. Uh, over on the Vita, Tokyo Yamanote Boys 4 V
main disc in regular and limited edition, as well as a game called God Wars, uh, which I believe is
Future Pass, but they call it, uh, in Japan, Toki wo Koete comes out this week. And lastly,
I want to see if anything's on the Switch this week. They are getting some of the Zelda figures
this week in Japan, the Skyward Sword, Twilight Princess, and Majora's Mask. But otherwise amiibos
are really the only thing to look forward to on the Switch. Uh, the 3DS doesn't really have
anything except a game called the Alliance Alive that I must admit I don't know much about, but
that is what is out in Japan this week. How about the UK DarkSakura? Uh, some stuff, really not a
terrible lot. On the 19th is, uh, Dungeon Defenders 2 for Xbox One, the 21st Argo for PC, and the 22nd
RPG Maker Fests. That's it. All right. I think it's time that we dive into the mailbag. Every
week you guys email us over at participate at orangeloungeradio.com and we, uh, reads our emails
as DarkSakura dives into the mailbag and pulls out emails. And sorry, there's, I don't know where my
music is tonight. How'd it get all sticky? Where'd my music go for this segment? It's gone. You know
what? I guess I'll just have to find the mailbag music. That's it. After the 15th anniversary,
we're doing the fuck you music now. No, I'm just kidding. We would never, not with our listeners,
not with our listeners. All right. But no, seriously, I think you guys did send us quite
a few emails tonight, right? Yeah, a few. Yeah. So I will start at the start.
Hello, LR. Congratulations on surviving and thriving through 15 years of the show where
every gamer has a voice on this momentous occasion where we look back and realize just
how long 15 years actually is. I can share something with you that happened to me
recently and remind me that yes, we were all getting older. I live about 10 minutes away
from a place called Sport Time USA. This place has existed since the 1990s and, uh, at least,
and somehow it still exists today, probably due to a combination of high prices, a lack of competition
and regular visits from schools, camps, and groups of religious and disabled. Inside,
it looks dingy, dirty, half the games are broken or close enough, and most of them aren't worth
playing anyway, but they have in the group, too, and it 100% works, and that's the only reason I go
there once or twice a week, every week. Last night, I ran into an 11-year-old kid who looked
at my onscreen USB name and recognized me both from my several high scores on the machine and
also my status as a somewhat well-known member of the East Coast Music Gaming community.
He is a huge fan of StepMania and in the group already, and although he's got a lot of work to do
to, uh, G-I-T-G-U-D, he, uh, get good, okay, I don't know what that is, so it's kind of a meme,
get good, okay, whatever, um, he was already, um, very familiar with the game, the community,
and the work they've done on and around the game. For the record,
slang can go over my head if I don't use it every day, so whatever. Of course, he has about a million
questions for me. I honestly can't remember most of them because they were asked over eight minutes
ago, and I'm a goldfish, but I'll never forget this one. He asked me which game I played first,
DDR or in the groove, because eyes went wide as I told him I started playing DDR that there was no
such thing as in the groove yet. Then my own eyes went wide as I realized what was about to happen,
but it was already too late. I could only listen in horror, and I distinctly heard these words
escape my list lips. I've been playing this game since before you were born. This is the very first
time that during a moment in which I was standing on a dance game machine platform, I really, truly,
and finally started to feel old. Oh, well, so, um, yeah, happy 15 years and we're old.
Loving Kisses, Y Y R. Y Y R, I heart you. I respect you. I wish you much,
much success in your game development. Now fuck right off with that email.
Since before you were born. Oh my God. I feel so old.
Back in my day, in the groove, we played DDR on a low res monitor and there was no free
there was either. And all the arrows were the same color. Back in my day,
we used a jungle book dance pad to play imported DDR games. Probably most people that I know of
started DDR. Well, no, cause we did get that first mix that didn't have the vivid arrows
and you played stomped my beat and you liked it. Some of us played while hitting each other with
bats, Rob. Now, now think about this. Think about this, Ms. Summers. That was before this
kid was born. Yeah. Damn new fuck right off of that email. No, but that, but that had to have
been a experience for the stomp to my beat freestyle involved a person I don't associate
with anymore and her ex. I know, I know. Crazy. It's crazy how things are involved with. And then
I besides better stomped my beat the fucking sandstorm. Sandstorm didn't exist at the time.
I even look in just in general, I even look into some of these people I see coming into like the
arcades I go to now and I'm looking at them going like you were five when I started OLR probably.
It's just, I, yeah. Now get off my lawn next email. Hey you guys, thank you so very much for
blessing our ear holes with your insight, wit, humor, and fucks, Lukey. Happy to anytime.
I've listened to every single show since the Katamari debacle that you put on my gaydar.
Ever since a slow, even during slow news weeks, the show always entertains and gives me something
new to look forward to come Monday morning. It takes a lot more than dedication and persistence,
I'm going to add and boredom to do this almost every week of every year.
And alcohol. I'm motivated by spite and porn. It took a lot of porn to get through these 15 years.
In fact, I just, there was, there was a fucking episode of OLR early on. I was in the first
hundred episodes. I wasn't here. I was the missing one. And Jamie and Loki did a show.
And all I heard about that show was, yeah, we just, we watched a porn live on air.
And I was like, the fuck happens when I'm not there.
Was that the one where Marin Marvel was here? No, that was, that was another,
that was a different episode. You guys have done the show without me,
even though I don't remember right now at my house. I think it was a Jamie. So I think it
was that long period. We did the show at my house. It was that place with the upstairs,
downstairs, you had the townhouse. Yes. Yes, it was. Anyway. Um, where I hosted my first
Bemani party there. We used to do Bemani parties regularly. That would usually just fall apart
when people would start drinking. Um, okay. So back to this, um, it takes a deep and unwavering
friendship. You guys genuinely love each other and that comes through crystal clear over the airwaves.
I love Dark Sakura's wealth of knowledge on classic games and consoles and political views.
Well, finally someone appreciates my political views. Loki's unwavering, brutal honesty and
hatred of shitty gaming news. Rob's unapologetic and steely support of Nintendo and professionalism,
sometimes LOL. Well, I get mad at Nintendo sometimes too, but we remember it comes,
it comes from a Tyra Banks place. We were rooting for you! Yeah, Valentina.
Valentina is going to become my scapegoat for everything now, you know. I'm just trying to
be to the community what Selena was. Dark Sakura. Girl, you do not go there. I know you do not,
you do not invoke the name of the Lord and savior. The Latina goddess. Yes. Anyway,
I always stay in the loop when it comes to games and new developments, but I don't have many
friends that are as caught up and able to form opinions regarding the news of the week. It is
always fun to listen to your opinions and colorful dialogue. I have been a PlayStation loyalist. I'm
Rissimo on PSN by the way. I recognize that name. Games like Tomb Raider and Horizon Zero Dawn
may seem daunting initially, but there are adjustable difficulty settings.
And when you have, uh, when you get in the groove, the game flows like fucking butter.
Bad imagery. Tomb Raider is fucking great. I have a story about an X and butter, so I'm going to
leave it at that. Uh, I was like, uh, you had my attention. You have my attention, but I'm not
after, after this 15 year, which I would call like sibling ship. We probably have here. I'm not sure
I want to know any more about this story. Actually, this might be the OLR after dark.
I see. That's why I was just going to leave it there. So those two words together, just like
bad memory. Um, I know you all have PS4s and haven't played this masterpiece. I've gotten
my, I've gotten my eight platinum via this game. I will, what'd the chat room say? Act
deaf to chat says, I can't believe it's not my X and butter. I totally butchered that quote too.
You had my curiosity, but now you have my attention. Anyway, I will buy it and ship it
to you as a birthday gift, but only if you pledge to finish it. Let's finish a game. That's great.
Let's finish a game. You know what though? That horizon zero dawn was on like a super
sale recently. It was down to like, I seriously, I think until now, because I looked today,
I wanted the full, I checked the steam sale countdown page. And since they're doing the
steam sale in three days, Oh fuck. I'm getting zen inverse. So anyway, but I do, I do want to
play it though. On this tangents on my OLR. I also bought PSVR a month ago and I'm totally
enamored with it. I got a sweet traveling case and I'm always packing it up and taking it over
to friends houses. Buy it in caps. I know you felt burned by buying the PS4 pro Rob, but you don't
have a 4k TV yet. So there's negligible differences with the few games you play on the system.
I really just want to thank you guys and congratulate you all on a job. Well done.
Fucking well. Thank you. Um, love the show and love you all Rissimo. Oh,
that was a very sweet email. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. I'm thinking about it with PlayStation VR,
but 4k gaming is going to be my next big investment. Probably loan your mind if you
want it. Here we go. Here we go. Share and share alike. Why not? And then I could buy a copy of
horizon and we can, we can trade around. Doesn't that sound like fun? I still have injustice to
play. There you go. And the game and get on that. The game that, um, the nonary games that Shane,
Oh yeah. Which you're probably never going to hear from me again, but I'm,
but when that sale goes on, if dragon balls universe two goes cheap, I'm buying it.
All right. More emails. Yes. Yeah. Yes. I just have to get to it. All right. We have
three more to go. Oh my God. All right. Well, big show tonight. That's why we cut stories tonight.
Hello. My congratulations on your 15 years of podcast existence. Thank you. Excuse me. I think
I started listening to your show in late 2015 before that I wasn't really aware podcasts at
all. Unfortunately I didn't discover all of this earlier, but since I, but since then I have
enjoyed listening to your show. It is not always easy to keep track of all the gaming news during
the week. So I appreciate that you take the time to do the show every Sunday. The fact that you're
an open and welcome welcoming podcast is an important bonus too. About me, my gaming life
go boosted when I bought a Wii U and Bayonetta 2 back in 2014. I still play Bayonetta 2
regularly tag, uh, tag climax anyone, despite all the other new games. The Wii U game pad also got
me back into drawing and I posted lots of things on Miiverse. However, with the switch, I feel like
Miiverse is slowly disintegrating. Since I do reside in Germany, I cannot listen to your show
live. It is basically in the middle of the night. So rely on the podcast every Monday morning.
You could stay up late on a three day weekend if you really loved us. No, I'm totally can. I'm
totally occasionally, very occasionally we will do like, uh, on earlier. Yeah. Maybe it's time we do
another noon for us show, which would be like eight o'clock out there. Maybe, well, we're gonna,
we're gonna really think about that. It's about time we do another Euro time show. Okay. Sorry,
go ahead. That's okay. Um, I, uh, of course I also listen to other podcasts and I admit that it
sometimes can be difficult to keep up with all of them, but yours currently has the highest priority.
Smile on your Jubilee. I would like to know the following in your opinion, what has changed in
podcasting during the last 15 years? I'll do a question by question. What has changed in
podcasting in the last 15 years? Audio quality. Well, there was no podcasting when this show
started. And that's part of the reason why we see it. You get in a lot of technicalities.
Are we the longest running podcast for gaming? I think so, but I don't know. But because, well,
here's the thing is that the podcasting is the technology wasn't really around until 2005, 2006.
So we got on that pre iTunes, which there were very few shows that were on iTunes at the same
time. I think the only one that is still putting out new shows is video game news radio, but even
they're like once a year, I don't think they're regular at this point anymore. I apologize.
I've lost sight. I've lost sight of, well, so do we, I've lost sight of a lot of these shows
and can't listen to everything regularly, but I think, you know, they're still around, but I think
they kind of changed and, you know, I don't, I don't think there's regular, but anyway,
I don't want to sound shady cause I'm totally not like it's, it's impressive that they're
even still putting out what they do. It's hard to keep track of the whole internet.
It is hard to keep track of the whole internet. It is. But, but the thing is that when we first
started the show, it was a live show on live through CC five. And then as soon as it actually,
and people sometimes forget this for a little while, the podcast was always meant to be the
spinoff. And in the very beginning, we had the OLR to go edition. So for about a year,
we were doing what was designed to be a 20 minute show on all gaming news.
That was dial-up back then. Well, even that it was a 20 minute show on all gaming news
to go with our three hour Bamani and music show. And then after about a year, we started to realize,
um, this to go thing got us on the news. Uh, there's more people listening to this, like,
like 25, like, like double digit times, the number of people listening to this and listening to us
live. So it was kind of like one of those, maybe podcasting is kind of where we need to shift this
other thing too, but we didn't want to lose the magic of what we do live. You know, there aren't
a lot of podcasts that do what we're doing. It's hard to say now because of Twitch and things like
that. It's kind of like, well, actually, yeah, more people are doing the live chatting and all
that stuff, but you know, there aren't a lot of straight up podcasts out there that take live
calls and stuff. So the whole live environment and, and the fact that we're all in one room,
I think too, and there has been times where it's like, do we really need to all be in one room?
But I think it kind of brings a magic to this show that Skype shows don't always have. It's
hard to do it through Skype. It is. It's very hard. I mean, cause there was, there was many
months where you were on Skype. There's many months where Loki was on Skype, but that was
never the permanent plan. You know, it's always came back to us in one room. And I'll tell you
this, the three months I was off the show was fucking hard. Yeah. It was really hard.
Yes. SSJ 100, Matt podcasting. It's so much fun. Yes. To that day that has ruined that phrase for
me ever. I can every time, like I'm about to say it, I don't say it because, Oh, you want to eat
at work in one of my training manuals, I found the word plausible and I changed it. Thanks to
our chatters. So just, it doesn't, this show doesn't only ruin your life, just putting it
out there. But anyway, what else was I going to say with that? Oh yeah. I didn't want to sound
like I was shading Skype shows at all. I've done plenty of them, uh, of spinoff shows and I still
do my reading is fundamentals over Skype. And I love it. I love it. But that is, that is a magic
for those shows. What we have going here is unique to what we're doing here. And. You know, I just
don't, if, if Skype were to ever be the permanent solution, I think we would be better off just
saying, you know what, it's time to end OLR and move on to a different project. So the next
question, what is your motivation to do this show every week or what goal do you wish to achieve
with it? Um, I will go ahead and say right now, it's the big thing I look forward to every week.
It's almost like my transition of the week, you know, for me, it's my indicator. It's the
culmination of my week, if that makes sense. And then I go and I start my new work week. It really,
I don't know, almost adds, and this is apart from just loving gaming and loving who we podcast with,
but I'm looking at it more in terms of its position in my life. It's my weekly transition
and without it, I was really off, off kilter. I mean, I would know my days, you know,
but I wouldn't have that, that one pivoting part in my week that I was looking forward to every
week. And so it's kind of hard to put that into words. I mean, apart from just doing the show
anyway, because, you know, I love gaming. I love you guys. Um, I, I like everybody in this room,
mostly kidding. Um, but it's, I feel kind of empty without it. I, I, no, I hear you loud and clear.
Maybe this is something not everybody out there can understand, but like the weeks that we aren't
doing OLR, I find myself going, Oh, it's six o'clock. I should be on OLR right now. Or,
Oh, it's five 45. It's about time for Bobby to call us no matter where I am. And I think
it's something about like, it's just become like such a hat. Like I think churches for some people,
I don't want to sound sacrilegious or anything, but I think, I think church is kind of that reset
for some people in that way, that equilibrium. And I definitely feel that as well. And I'm not
going to lie. The discipline to do this show is hard. Sometimes I have wanted to walk away from
the show in the past it's happened. We've all hit that point, but then you find that thing
that kind of brings you back. You know, there's that, there's that email that I'll tell you what
this, this, these, this fucking changed my life. And it reminds me why I do all our there'll be
that email that comes in that says for me anyway, that says, Rob, I didn't know you could be gay and
like video games. And then that was okay. And like, for me, that's been like a huge motivator
in what has continued at least for me. And I'm sure, you know, Jamie and Loki have had
stuff from their perspectives as well. But yeah, I mean, I'm going to be honest, even recently,
like the thought had crossed my mind months ago. I was like, maybe episode 700 is a nice round
number to end it on. Maybe, maybe, maybe kind of like lost. Remember when that show was on the
air, they set the end date like two years in the future. Maybe we just need to say this is the day
it ends and stick to it. And then that way it's not going to catch anybody off guard. But then,
but then something always happens that kind of just makes you go,
but like, what the fuck would I do my do with myself without it? And there is going to come
a point in my life where I'm going to have to answer that question. This isn't going to last
forever. It is going to end someday. But I just, I'm not ready to answer yet. And I don't think
Jamie is, I don't know. I don't think Matt is either. I don't know. Anything you want to add
to that, Matt? I don't know. Like if I'm not doing the show on like Sundays, then
it's like a few more hours. I have to spend the kids. And plus it shows like, you know, it's,
I don't work in the game industry anymore. So like I can't talk games to anybody. Cause like my,
my coworkers, I literally work in the department full of old women. Well, not necessarily old
women, just women. I have one, actually my coworker, he plays Overwatch. So I, you know,
I talked to him, but like, I've got nobody to talk to other than, other than that. So this is like my
other than that. So this is like my outlet. Otherwise they'd be like my son who just like,
you know, verbal vomit all the time. Just like, here's my chain of thought. I'm just going to
keep it going. And it's like, okay, I can only listen to that so long, but no, I mean, yeah,
I do this as long as I can. And I will go on record saying that I would take a bullet for
anybody in this house on record, even maybe Sanrio. She doesn't run first.
That's that's very, that's very, very sweet. But in general, let's hope it doesn't come to that.
But I'm saying that coming here and being with you guys every week, it's for me, it's wonderful. So
now, now before I say something else, maybe cry next email, please.
The fuck? I know there's more to this email.
I mean, yeah, sorry. Yay. But is it going to be more sap?
Okay. All right. What are your plans for the future of the podcast? I've read that
Apple plans to provide podcast analytics that show more information about podcast
listeners. What do you think about that? I got no free time to look at that.
We're not doing it for how many people listen. We're doing it because we,
because the ones who do already, I can tell mine more people.
I can tell you straight up. I don't know how many people listen to this show.
I don't. Can I find it? I think so. I think I know the report I need to run
to find how many people listen to the show. I know how many people were listening to this
show at one point. I know how many were listening to it at its peak. And I know it came down by
quite a bit since the peak. And that's, that's okay. As there's been more stuff and more options
out there to listen to people, though, I am a little bit curious. I know people are curious,
but I don't come from, it's like, you know, you don't want to get in that mindset of thinking
about how many listeners you have. It's just like it because it's always going to eat away.
It's like, Oh, we only have this many or, Oh, you know, we have this many,
we had 12 at one time. We had 12 on the first episode and the only look in chat. Now we have
44 people in chat minus robots and so forth. So I, you know what? There's at least some people
would kill to have 30 people give a shit about what they have to say. You know what I mean?
And so it's just, whether it's 30 or it's 30,000, it's not 30,000. I'm grateful that y'all give a
shit and that you're here to join in on this. Sorry, Jamie. I'm in a podcast community on
Facebook, just like, you know, people helping each other, talking about equipment. And I see
these people with these huge mungus rigs and all they're talking about is their analytics. All
they're talking about is their numbers. All they're talking about is their funding. And I'm like,
where is the love? You know, are you trying to make a career out of this or are you doing it
because you love it? Oh yeah. I've, I've said something similar to that in a room full of
podcasters and you would have thought I just like did what Sinead O'Connor did on Saturday Night
Live and tore up a picture of the Pope. Like it's, it's a different mindset for different people,
but there are two to be fair. There are a lot of podcasters that do do it out of the love,
but then there's always that thinking about, I mean, the money with a lot of people too,
that kind of like if they're doing it as their career and this is my income, yeah,
you're going to be thinking about the way it's like, am I going to be able to afford rent next
month? I mean, that's, you know, they're more lucrative things to get into other than podcasting.
Don't get me wrong. The coin is great. And if somebody were to come to OLR and offer us the
coin, as long as we still had the freedom to do exactly what we do now, I think we'd be open to
that, but I'm not really motivated to go chase it down. I, I've come to peace with the fact a long
time ago, we're not making money off of OLR. This is a labor of love, but it has brought so much
in the means of like friendship and just the fact that, and I don't know if you guys feel this too,
but like no matter what fucking city I go to in America, I know somebody there and it's because
of this show and I've had even in other countries, even in other countries, I've had people say to me,
I don't get to do a lot of like country traveling a lot. And I have people say to me, Rob, how do
you fucking know people everywhere? And I'm like, it's because of the show. Yeah. Yeah. And that,
that's something coin don't get you. Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't mind doing a few things to help,
you know, put a little bit in our coffer, you know, for, you know, like repairing our equipment.
You can give me biddies on Twitch. My door is open, but I don't want to beg for it.
Yeah. I'm not going to, you know, I would rather put out, you know, if it was going to do something,
I'd want to put out like a product that people would enjoy that enhances their experience with
the show and not just because, you know, we want to go to Disneyland. I mean, I want to go to
Disneyland, but I see some folks in chat talking about Patreon and is that something that we're
shading or whatever? No. I mean, you need to do what works for you. I personally do not want to
go to Patreon because I want to answer to no one with this show other than myself and my co-host.
Honestly, though, though, the Patreon thing, I think it used to be like a lot of that was
gated by like, I watch a lot of different shows. Most of the shows I watch now, especially on
YouTube, have Patreons. And the way they do it is like, you know, we're doing this show for free.
If you want to support us, cool. If you don't, that's fine. And I, you know, and that's, that's,
that's kind of why I'm taking the approach with Twitch and stuff that I have. And that's,
that's totally awesome. Like, again, I'm not shading people to choose to use Patreon.
Go for it. That's awesome. I just, again, this is a me thing and my mental block. I feel like
when I open it up to someone else financially supporting this show that said people would have
a say in, and even though, you know, we do want to open it up to the listeners on stuff,
it's still on our terms. Does that make sense? It's still our house.
I will say this though, that, and maybe it's a discussion for another day, but I was looking
at, there are other YouTubers who use Patreon who take no input for what they do. You know,
they don't do the levels they do just as a donation thing. And then may have like the
occasional prize for a level or something. But you know, I, I had thought about it. I'm not
really, I, I don't think it would affect what we do, but it wouldn't add to what we do right now.
I will say this, and I am going to shade something here real quick. I am going to be shady. Get your
shade button ready because I'm going to tell you, and this, this is just an answer to the question.
The thing that has pissed me off, I mean, pissed me off as a video game podcaster more than
anything else in my 15 years of doing this was when I saw that show going to Kickstarter saying
they needed $30,000 to do their show. And y'all, y'all can do your own research if you want to
know. And I don't know those people. I don't know that show, but I'm just saying on a principle level
to say, we need to do a studio or we need to rent a studio space to do this show, or we need the
money to travel to Conner. We need $30,000. I'm sorry. And you know, maybe I'm going to get shit
for this if this gets back to them, but Oh, well, I'm just going to say from my perspective,
as somebody who has never made a dime off this show, who's doing it in the spare room. And so
this stuff, you don't need $30,000 to do a fucking podcast. And if you're doing, I mean,
I don't know. I just, I think you send the wrong message with that. I want people to feel empowered
that they can do a podcast with a fucking iPhone, Android recorder and enthusiasm,
if that's all they've got. Yeah. Anyway, that's all I have to say on that. I agree.
So that's the, I'll go ahead and wrap up with this email. Sorry if my email contains any mistakes.
No, your email was great. Look at all the brands you got us on. I mean, props to you, right?
Greetings and thank you for your podcast Lorcan from Germany. Thank you Lorcan, which is a name
I don't hear a lot in the email bag. So very good email tonight. All right, moving on. We have two
left. Hold on. I think I might be reading these out of order. Nope, I'm not. By the way,
background music is great days. Sega Genesis chiptune cover by blast processed.
You'll need to download this. So we got a happy 15th music thing. Oh, we did? We did.
I didn't run ma. Oh, I didn't. Oh, I got it. That means I got a log in the mail bag over here. Yep.
So while you do that, I will pull that up, go to the next one and I'll pull that up. Okay.
Hey, OLR. I just wanted to share some of my thoughts about E3.
Sony, I wasn't too impressed with Sony's conferences. It had a lot of updates from
last year. They didn't have much that was really new this time around. Missing in action, deep
down, bloodborne two, DMC five, death stranding, gameplay, et cetera. I did appreciate the fact
that Sony showed the games and stuck to it. Microsoft 4K, 4K, 4K, 4K, 4K. I was impressed
with the Xbox one X somewhat with a $500 price point. It seems that Microsoft is trying to edge
out the competition by throwing out hardware specs to justify their gaming thug. What I thought was
interesting was that the systems would have 12 gig of a GDR five Ram. Um, the 10 80 TI graphics
card has 11 gigs and costs around at least $700. As you said in the last episode, Rob,
I'm happy that I see 4k a lot more in action, but I don't think I need the Xbox one X to do it.
Guess now is a good time to future proof my PC for 4k gaming.
You and I are in the same mindset. Who's this emailer?
I'll tell you when to finish. Okay. Tristan.
Okay. Tristan, Tristan, you and I are in a very similar mindset. I don't see the need for the
Xbox one as much as I do. I think that's a great way to put it future proof my PC from where gaming
is going. That's a great way to put it to be fair for a 4k machine for 99. You can't build a 4k
machine for four 99. And that's totally, yeah, exactly. You got to make a choice.
Nintendo. I didn't get around to seeing their presentation, but I was very impressed.
There are two Metro titles coming out, Metro prime four and Metro two return of Samus remake
as a shame it's coming to the 3DS only and not the switch.
It seems that they are listening to their fans and at least it's something
Rob. I know it's not F zero, but Hey, we'll take what we can get. Haha.
I thought that the developer digital press conference was amazing. It pretty much showed
their new upcoming titles while taking potshots at the gaming industry. It's worth a watch.
I missed the Devolver thing. Did you watch it? I just saw some of the live tweets about it.
They had it. Okay. So I missed it, but it was, it was like a 30 minute show.
It was like a fake show making fun of the industry. Then they have this like several
hour long pre pre-show that was absolutely annoying, but I mean,
neat, I guess that they're poking fun at shows, but like we all do that. So yeah,
I like the sassy stuff though. I'll go, but I like shady stuff. It's why I watch drag race.
Very much like Tim and Eric adult swim kind of stuff.
All right. My game of the show is dragon ball fighter Z. Yes, yes, yes, yes. It pretty much
took the Marvel versus Capcom formula, tweaked it and made it look so damn good. Everyone that's
played it fell in love with it instantly. It's got a lot of nominations from the gaming press
and was truly well-deserved. The fact that our system works is behind the development makes me
feel confident that they will put, pull out all the stops to ensure the consumer has their hand
on a complete and competent product. Unlike street fighter five shade button. There's no
battle toads. In addition, the game is gunning for an Evo slot next year and I hope it gets it.
Oh my God. I would kill. I I'm gagging already. This is great. I did you ever watch any of the
gameplay for it? And I'm not really just saying this because I'm on a dragon ball kick. I think
this game would have been enough to get me back on a dragon ball kick. So, and I played the shit show
that was, you know, the GT game back in the day and sold it. SSG-100 Matt in chat says, I hope
Dragon Ball Fighter Z outsells Marvel versus Capcom Infinite. It could, honestly. Yeah, it
could. I wouldn't be mad about that at all. I mean, I'll be honest. I saw the, well, the next
part actually is addressed to me, so I'll do my, my thoughts on that. Dark Sakura, as a fighting
game player like myself, what's your take on Marvel versus Capcom Infinite so far?
The story demo that was released left a bad taste in my mouth, but for those who played the E3 build
had something different to say. Looks fun, but the visuals look like ass. They have three months
to polish it and I feel that a delay would be best to clean up. It won't happen, but that's how it
goes. It could have looked better. I wasn't really too mad at the art style. I didn't hate it. I did
have some issues with, like, how are these people back in the same universe again? And I fucking am
sick of Ultron, so. It's because Ultron merged both their universe. With Sigma? Yeah, he merged with
Sigma, which merged their two universes. So, like, for example, one of the levels that's in the story
demo is Asgard and X's world. It's like, they call it X-Guard. Okay. Well, I think the, the concept
behind it is really cool and my love for fighting games isn't necessarily just because you can
fight, but I love the stories that go along with them and I love the characters in it.
I think you can make a fighting game that could be fun, but if the characters aren't as fleshed out,
like, don't have a story or motivation, then they're, they kind of go below 2D for me. You
know what I mean? And so I was, I saw the trailer for it. I thought some of the things were kind of
dumb, but I love the cast of characters I saw so far. You know, especially, you know,
Strider Hear You has been probably one of my mainstays in all the Marvel versus Capcom games.
I blame my husband for that because my husband's favorite game for a long time was Strider.
However, I next saw Dragon Ball FighterZ after that and I was like, oh, that kind of blows it
away. So I will play it. I mean, certainly we're going to have it in my house. It's,
it's kind of goes without saying, but I am not as excited about it as I might've been seeing what
else is coming out and hearing. So I didn't play the demo. I didn't play it. I did watch though,
a lot of the movies for it. So I can't really base a judgment on what I haven't played,
but just looking side by side reading reviews. And again, I'm very picky with reviews. I would
rather form my own opinion, but I'm, I'm still, I'm still happy about it. I'm still a little bit
excited, but I'm more excited for Dragon Ball. So that's my thing on it to answer that question.
So thanks. Oh, go ahead. Sorry. I was just going to finish up the email. What were you saying? No,
go ahead. I have a random thought. Thanks so much for reading my email. I truly enjoy hearing you
guys over the past decade and congrats on your 15th anniversary of orange challenge radio.
Keep up the awesome work and just know you have a loyal listener from Maryland,
Tristan. Thank you. What up Maryland?
So they know they're in chat. They're still trying to say, Oh, is he going to take a bet?
You know, the Dragon Ball fighter Z will sell more than Marvel vs Capcom where the tingle
cost. Listen, that's over. We are more bets. No more bets. If I can lose enough weight where I
can pull that off sexy like, then sure. Why not? But like, it's going to be, he'll just do it for
fun. If he loses that much weight, just like beef up the package. You're not going to want to see
that. Did you download the file? I did. So I believe this is an audio message similar to what
we got from game buoy, except this one came in via the mailbag other than Dropbox. So we will listen
to it and I'm taking a big risk, not screening this first, but we'll listen to it now.
Hey everybody. This is DJ Van Ness. I'm here with Ari Rockefeller and Mako Chan.
We're getting together real quick to wish Orange Lounge Radio 15 years of excellence. So it's their
15th anniversary. So figure we get together, jump on Skype and just say some kind words.
Does that sound good? Yeah, it sounds great. Okay. Sure. Well, Mako, you sound pretty happy.
Yeah, I'm grumpy catting it. Fine. Let's do this. So Rob, Jamie, Matt, happy anniversary.
If it wasn't for you guys, it wouldn't be an anime jam session. So I'm thankful for that
and all that good stuff. So have a great anniversary and have many, many more.
Anime jam session owes its origins to
Orange Lounge Radio. So what we do is partially your fault.
And we're sorry, but not really. Love you guys.
You see what I put up with every week. All right.
That was a very cute message. Thank you very much. Even if Mako Chan didn't sound
like she wanted to be there, but I just, I like that. Sorry for waking you up.
Yeah, it's not like I woke her up. Hearts you guys. No, I love, no, that was great. Thank you
so much. Hearts and hearts. I've said this before, those types of compliments about
what you guys did kind of showed me that we could do our own show and, you know, the anime jam
session and so forth. And the other shows that I've heard this from is just, there is no greater
compliment, I don't think, to what we do here at OLR than hearing that. So thank you. Thank you
very much for that. So, all right. Is that it for emails tonight? All right. Participate at
OrangeLoungeRadio.com. You can always send us an email for our next show in two weeks. Because
again, I didn't state this at the beginning of the show, but I've said it a million times before,
we will not be here next week. Our reward for 15 years of OLR? A fucking night off.
And actually, again, Dark Sakura is going to be at San Francisco Pride. I'm going to be at Chicago
Pride. So we are traveling all over, over next weekend, but we'll be back in two weeks just in
time for the 4th of July weekend. Won't that be fun? All right. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
if you want to send us an email for that show. We do have some more stories to get through.
However, since we are at nine o'clock here, which means midnight on the East Coast, and we still
haven't even got to calls, I do want to ask that we hit the fast forward button on these stories.
So we just have three stories here. We're going to just do the bullet points from these stories,
please. Loki. Yeah. So Microsoft is putting out, they're redoing their whole avatar system. And so
they've got brand new avatars that are, you know, 4K ready, HDR, all that fun stuff. But what's
kind of cool about these though, is they've really amped up the models in there. So for example,
they're going to have different body types, even some that encompass individuals that might be
disabled as well. So like some of the ones that are showing off, they had a girl with, you know,
an artificial arm, they had someone in a wheelchair. And I gotta say, these avatars look
fucking awesome, you know, compared to like some of the stuff that they had before. That's how I
kind of really wish that Nintendo would step up, like the Miis and stuff to something like this,
because honestly, these look fantastic. So props to Microsoft.
Atari is working on something as well. And some of you guys have been shouting this out in chat.
This is different from what Dark Soccer talked about earlier. The actual company Atari is making
something called an AtariBox. There's a video over at AtariBox.com that's teasing a brand new Atari
project. Some folks have reached out to Atari and they have said, yes, it is real. There is actually
a partner involved, although they have not said who that partner is. So no idea what this is. I
mean, some folks have speculated it could be like an Android-based console, although chances are,
whatever the hell it is, it's probably going to have a bunch of Atari games preloaded on it.
I guess maybe, maybe an evolution of those. Remember the Coleco Chameleon was supposed
to use the old Jaguar shells? Maybe this is going to use Jaguar shells as well.
Well, just let's hope this ends up a little bit better. Jamie, last but not least,
you have something for us, I think. Yeah, it's about Microsoft and our robot overlords.
Basically, Microsoft researchers are testing AI and machine learning. And so they've created an
AI system that can hit the, in theory, the maximum score for the Atari 2600 adaption of Ms. Pac-Man.
No human has done this, but the machine, our robot overlord, tested by reinforcement learning,
has hit the high score. So try that Billy Mitchell.
Nice. So not only can robots name hamsters, but they can get the high score on Ms. Pac-Man.
But can they do both at the same time? Yes, they can actually.
Right. The Skype line is open if you want to give us a call. 1-877-GAMELR, the old-fashioned way,
but I think y'all are on Skype now. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype. Just think,
when we get the Discord, we'll be able to open it up so we can do group calls, if that's the thing.
I don't know. I don't know if that's the thing we actually want to do. More like, oh shit.
Yeah, right. All right, let's go to the phone. Oh my God, we've got a million things coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this? Hey, this is Acteft. Hi, Acteft. What's on your
mind, buddy? Oh, hi. Hola todos. First of all, well, congratulations on your 15 year,
on your quinceanera. Thank you very much. My dress is lovely tonight. I'm sorry you couldn't see it.
Well, since it's a quinceanera, I definitely have to do this. So sorry for the bad singing,
but yeah. Yay, we get the quinceanera song. I'm so excited. Yes, please. Not really the quinceanera,
but the manganitas. So here it goes.
Rob was dancing.
I was. I was doing a little dance and you all are blessed that you couldn't see it.
Remember we were going to do periscopes of certain parts of the show. Let's all be thankful
that didn't happen. Thank you very much. That takes guts to sing here on the program. So thank
you very much. Yeah, I'm well aware. You're getting some bravos from our chat room and
come on Nogas says yes a las muchachas bonitas.
Very well done. Well, again, I want to thank you all for being there every Sunday or most
Sundays. And I already said on Twitter and Facebook, but you guys have inspired so many
people, including me. A year ago, I started my podcast and you guys were pretty much the
inspiration for it, along with other podcasts like Black Wolf, Game Buoy, Travis Donovan, and then
BSL. But again, you guys have inspired so many people to do what you always say, to share our
voice. And I really want to thank you for that. It's really, really great that you do it for love
and you speak your voice without any sort of restriction. And again, you're an inspiration
for all of us. I want to thank you very much for that. And thank you for what you do in that. And
I know you were voicing in chat earlier that you're learning that it can take time to build
up an audience for your show, but you are still working at it and not letting that go. And, you
know, never lose sight of that, that even on the darkest days, the days you're going up against the
Super Bowl and the Oscars, sometimes it's about just kind of like the fact that going through the
motions of doing the show and being there and having a good time with your friends, if nothing
else, you know? Yeah, especially that. I have lots of fun with my friends talking, doing stupid
stuff. But yeah, it's really bad. And if people like that, I'm happy with it.
That's the absolute right attitude to have, Act F, and I think you'll have much success if you
keep that attitude on. Well, again, thanks. Thanks for everything.
Thank you, Act F. I really, really appreciate that. I'm gonna let you go to try to squeeze
in some calls because we're getting a lot tonight. But thank you. Have a good one. And thanks for the
song. Thanks for having me. Gracias.
No, no. Bye-bye.
All right, lighting up tonight. Who would have thought? Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio. Who's this?
Hey, Ralph. This is Reggie Nader.
Hey, buddy. What's on your mind tonight?
Well, since this is your 15-year anniversary, I just want to call in and say thank you for
doing your show all these years.
Thank you for being here.
Yeah, it's honestly one of the better shows that I've been listening to. And in fact,
between your show  well, I already said this in chat, but I might as well see on the call  it's
your show and Bobby's show are what inspired me to get my original PC that way I can listen to
your shows that way.
I was going to say, I seem to recall in the early days of OLR, you were talking about how
your most current system was a Nintendo 64. And now you've come a long way in being able to kind
of tell us like, hey, hey, this game's free. Go get it while it's free. And hey, hey, have you
played Magic the Gathering 2014 yet? And it's like, you've come quite the long way yourself
from the, I only have a Nintendo 64. Am I still a gamer? To which, may I remind you, we said,
yes, of course you are.
Yeah, speaking of which, your comment there brings up my next point. Just before my transition
from console gaming to PC gaming, I remember you constantly talking about Steam and the summer sales
and this sale, that sale, and yada, yada, yada. And that was largely the reason why
I said, you know, to hell with replacing my PS3. I might as well, if anything, go get a PC
and at least try out the Steam thing, see if it's any good. And well, you know what happened
since then, you know, constantly calling your show and Bobby's show and talking about,
I've created a monster.
Yeah, well, I was going to say, no, I'm a Steam addict and you're my dealer.
Great. That makes me feel real good. No, I, no, it does. I mean, the fact that, you know,
that shit ain't cheap. And the fact that like, based on our recommendation, you drop that kind
of money on that, that's, that just, it just blows my fucking mind. Like I, it really does.
Yeah. Well, bear in mind, you know, well, not to go into the whole deal
in tangent, because that's not why I called, but in full fairness now, yes, I do have a lot of gains,
but I very, very few, you know, that might pay a full price. And in fact, a lot of which I got
for free. So, you know, it really doesn't, didn't cost me as nearly as much money as it did,
how it did seem. So, but, you know, ultimately my point is, you know, thanks to your recommendation,
I'm enjoying the crap out of PC gaming and there's very, very low incentive for me to go
back to console gaming. So I have, you have to think for that. Well, on one side, I want to be
thankful that we helped, but at the other hand, I'm not ready to push off console gaming so
quickly, but I get your, I get it, RageNator. I do. I get it from your perspective. So,
you know, thank you. Everybody's got to do what's right for them at the end of the day.
So yeah, yeah. Yeah. Don't get me wrong. There, there are some console exclusive,
blast, sorry, getting tongue-tied. Yeah. There's a couple of console exclusive games that
I loved on PS3 and Xbox 360 and so on and so forth that I kind of sort of missed. Like,
I know I talked about a lot, you know, back in the day about Super Stardust HE. I used to play
the BGS inside of that, but you know, that being said, you know, I've given a choice between
console gaming and PC gaming. I think for most of why I'll stick with PC gaming. So, I mean,
it's not like I'm hurting for games. There is nothing wrong with that. Any other quick
thoughts? I've got a, I got a lot of calls to get through tonight. So anything else you want to get
out? Uh, no. And hopefully, um, I'll just end with this. Hopefully you'll, you'll, you guys
will still have plenty more years to come. And I swear to God, Rob, if you quit OR anytime soon,
I'm going to reach through the internet and slap the Jesus out of you. You know what? We've given
you almost 700 episodes so far. So not if I do it first. When we're ready to end this show,
we deserve it. Like, I'm not, I'm not, again, I'm not trying to sound like too ego or anything like
that, but there is going to come a time and it's not going to be easy for anybody, but believe me,
it will be the hardest for us. But people are going to read into that and be like,
oh, he already knows. No, we don't. I'm just saying maybe it'll be 20 years from now. I
don't fucking know, but it's going to end someday. So, you know, but hopefully it won't be any time
soon. No, no time sooner. We plan in it. That's for sure.
I, well, I'll have to go. So I'm sure all the people want to call it in and say,
congrats to you guys, but thanks for everything. Thanks for taking my call.
No worries. Thank you, buddy. Take care. Yep. You too. All right. Bye.
All right. Let's get to another call. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
This is Brad from pod culture. Hi, my friend. It's good to hear from you. What's up?
I'll just call and say, congratulations guys on 15 years.
Thank you very much. You know, you, you're, you're not such a, a child yourself when it
comes to podcasting. I know. So that means a lot coming from a peer.
Well, it was, uh, I guess I came into it about a year after you guys started.
So yeah, you've been doing this quite a long time yourself.
Oh no, just listening to you guys a couple of years after that before we actually started.
Gotcha. Gotcha. Um, well, um,
anything you wanted to share with listeners tonight or how are things been going for you?
One things are going good, but, uh, no, they just want to call and say thanks. Cause, uh,
probably you guys have been the biggest influence on our show. You know, we're
three or four folks sitting around shooting the shit about stuff that we like. So, uh,
And it's, it's a fun, it's a fun show that you guys do. So that's quite the compliment to hear.
Okay. Well, I'll let you get some more calls, but, uh, congrats guys.
Well, thank you, Brad. I really appreciate that. And there's a new episode of pod
culture tomorrow at vogue, right? Yeah. It's our, uh, uh, take on wonder woman.
So it should be interesting. Three dudes sitting around talking about, uh, uh,
superhero and chill. Well, Hey, that's, that's okay. As long as, as long as y'all had great
things to say, right? Everybody's great. Yeah, I know. Yeah, no, I, uh, I'm, I really need to
see it too, but you know, time. All right. Thank you, Brad. Take care later. Bye.
I should. Oh, I should. Damn it. I shouldn't hit the hang up button. Cause I should have
said something to him about introducing me to fireball. That's that's something I'm always
going to associate Brad with in our relationship with OLRs, how he introduced me to fireball
by getting us a big bottle of it here. But anyway, we got another call. So let's get to
it higher on orange songs radio. Who's this? Yeah. What's up? This guy, Judo. Hey guys, you know,
what's up my friend. Not much. First off happy 15th. Um, I think I've been listening to you
guys for maybe 10 years. Thank you. Holy shit. Wow. Yeah. I know it's been a while,
but damn, it's another to hear it. Thank you. Yeah. I think I first found you guys in, uh,
2007. I think I was like, um, I was feeling, uh, nostalgic for, uh, the G four network. Oh,
sure. I looked up Scott. Sure. Finding Scott. I found out all games radio and that led me to,
uh, Bobby Blackwell for you guys. And I've been listening to her ever since. So no,
that all games partnership was a win-win for all of us, you know, and not like I,
like I said earlier in the show, I know things have shifted around, you know,
five years ago when we, we, we moved over to VOG network and did our own thing. But,
um, I think our partnership with all games was, was so good for both of us. You know,
we had an audience, we brought to them, they had an audience they brought to us and it was
some fantastic years. Yeah. And what you, what you guys brought to all games was great as well,
because like not to, uh, not to knock anyone who, who chooses not to do their show live,
you know, like, you know, I know that there's like special situations where, you know,
somebody just can't sit there for like two, three hours and do a live show. Sure. But what
I really appreciated about your show was that you were, you guys were alive because I was only
looking for live shows to listen to, you know? I gotcha. I gotcha. That's what you guys brought
to network. But, uh, real quickly, I just wanted to point out to you guys, you guys,
uh, spoke earlier about the, uh, PlayStation, not playing nice with the other systems and, uh,
Bobby Blackwell, he made a great point on his show. I hope I'm not stealing this thunder. I don't
know if he's going to call in. It's our birthday. You can steal a little thunder. It's our
birthday. You can steal a little thunder. Well, he mentioned that maybe Sony doesn't want to play
is because you would, you would need an Xbox live account to do that in Minecraft stuff. Not,
not necessarily with Rocket League or any other games, but with Minecraft, you would need to be
connected to Xbox live. Do you need that? Do you need that on, but like, I know when I play my
PlayStation version of Minecraft now and I'm online, I don't need that, but that's, that's
just because to connect to the other side of it, because it is Minecraft, you would,
that would be the universal place. Whereas, okay, I guess I can kind of see where this is going
because like on, um, when it was Final Fantasy 11, everything was through play online, but ironic
because play online was a Sony venture. And that did, it was like half Sony and that did show up
on 360. However, it was a different time in games. Microsoft was desperate to have to partner with
Square Enix. So they let them get away with merch. So it was a different time. Uh, and I
think that's important for people to remember when we talk about this whole, well, they've
done it before. Why don't they, it was just a very, very different time for Microsoft.
Um, so yeah, I mean, and even through Final Fantasy 14, you're logging in through the,
the play, uh, it's not play online, but it's like a different Square Enix gateway that you're
logging in through. So I kind of get it in that regard that if Xbox live is to be that gateway,
Sony might have some reservations with that. Yeah. You know, you don't want to catch those,
those, uh, Microsoft germs. Yeah. So yeah, it makes sense. It is a little weird is the word.
No, I think Bobby has some good insight there, but hopefully, hopefully they find a way to,
to work around it or something, or maybe just connect to Xbox live as a guest or like some
of the mobile games or even like websites too, where you can log in, you know, you can log and
say like through Minecraft or something.com, but log in with your Xbox live login or log in with
your Nintendo network login or something like that, you know, where they have multiple options.
My worry though, is are they requiring Xbox live gold to play cross play with? Oh, that would suck
because you have to log in the live. Maybe if you're on Microsoft. Yes. But if you're on a
tablet, tablets don't fucking have anything like that. Or are you saying that because you'd be
logging with my Xbox live, you would have to have it. I don't know. Well, I know, I know I have that.
I have the tablet version of Minecraft and you have to, uh, they have that stupid, uh,
what is it realms or some crap? Yeah. They gotta be a part of it. That's how,
that's how you're playing cross platform anyways, realms. I think you're all gonna be logging into
the servers. We'll see what happens. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna let you guys go before I leave. I just
want to say, uh, hopefully that'll allow, uh, people from Microsoft to, uh, play rocket league
because, uh, I came to play video games and, uh, kick some Microsoft fan boy ass. So
bring it on, bring it on. All right. Take care of my friend. All right. Later. Bye.
All right. Uh, I, Hey, look, I plan on taking every call, so let's get to it. Hi,
you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? What's going on, everybody? Hey, Rama, how you doing?
I'm doing good. How about y'all? Good. I fucking love that shirt. He's got a, it's Rama express,
but it's like Panda express the little, I know you guys anyway. That's great. What's up, buddy?
It says at the bottom curse Chinese Springs, but, um, I think y'all, y'all know what time it is.
Oh, yes I do. Yes I do. That's right. Holding up a bottle of nickelau vodka.
Yes, sir. That's right. Pouring one out. Let's do it.
As I'm pouring these three, Rob, like I say, you spoke some real truth and some real words
about podcasting. You don't know. I have gotten into arguments with people. We're podcasting,
what you got to do and so forth. And as I said in the chat room, when I wake up one day and say,
this ain't fun, no more. And my jam session is going to wrap it up. Simple as that.
I think it's the same thing for, I think that would, that would also apply here at OLR.
I mean, there may be, there may be life things, you know, we, we had it, everybody knows we had
a scare seven or eight years ago where Jamie was very likely going to move far away. And that was
scary because it was like, are we going to be able to keep doing OLR? I mean, I fought against it.
Yeah. And you know, obviously here we are, we're still doing this, celebrating 15 years. So I
didn't pan out, but it, it may happen someday. Life takes us to weird fucking places. So you
never know. Well, Rob, I do remember the first time I came up to find him that you did say,
uh, when Loki was going to have his first born, y'all was going to wrap the show up. And as you
can see, it's still going. Did I, that seems so ridiculous that I said that now.
Well, and I can say this cause we're old. I was young and stupid then.
Aren't we all stupid and I'm old and stupid now.
Oh, there's one shot down. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Chug Chug. There's two.
I'm sorry. This is horrible radio, but I'm loving it. I'm watching the video.
This goes along and say, get over stupid. I'm up here doing shots in my brand new gaming chair.
Booze is going all over the place. Marco is going to scream at me,
scream at me for spilling the booze. And I don't give a fuck. Drink that shot.
There it is. Number three.
Yes, sir. Let me finish the call with this. Here's to you. Here's to me. The best of friends
will ever be if we should ever happen to disagree. Well, fuck you. And here's to me.
I I'm giving you, I'm giving you a high five right up against the Misty can verify. I got
you a high five right there up against the monitor right now. Thank you, my friend.
I hope to see you soon. Rama see me in October. I know. I know. I got to figure out. I still
don't have the official invite to said way, but we'll figure all that out.
Oh, we will. Cause Maka will be coming up to record us old farts playing DDR.
Can't wait. All right. All right. My friend. I'm gonna let you go. Yeah. Stay fabulous. Thank you.
You too. Stay fabulous. All right. Bye. Playing DDR makes me tempted to somehow tag along.
You get to take a train on out there. All right. We got one more coming on. Let's see.
Hello. Hello. Oh, it's connecting. It's loading. I don't know if you can hear me higher on orange
launch radio. Who's this? Hey, Hey, what's up my friend. Oh, hi. You know, just wanted to call in
for that 15th anniversary. I, I can think of no, no better way to do this because I don't know if
you are the last caller tonight. I'll see if anything else pops in, but I know you were there
episode one, dark Tetsuya. And there's only about 11 other people that can say that. So I, I
appreciate your support tremendously over the years for sure. Well, what's on your mind?
I don't know. I suppose I could talk Nintendo a little bit. Go for it.
Yeah. I think I'm really excited for some of the games they got coming out like that Mario Odyssey.
Yeah. Hell yeah. When he threw that hat at the T-Rex.
Yeah. That's crazy. And I love that theme song. That is.
Oh yeah. That's great. And I love that they tied it to Pauline. Who's kind of in some ways is kind
of forgotten in the Mario verse. Did you see all the costumes, all the costumes tie back to like
obscure costumes that were games. Yeah, no, it's great. It's great. Like there's just so many
obscure references that like Nintendo fanboys just are fucking eaten up on a silver fucking platter,
just like they did the Wii U. And it's great. You know, I, okay. You remember back when, uh,
Jimmy Fallon had Reggie and Shigeru on? Yes. When we were like, Oh, are they trying to hide the
loading? Yes. I remember that. I do. Cause we looked like assholes. Yeah. So Miyamoto
was wearing this t-shirt of Mario in a samurai costume. Oh, get out. So do you think even all
the way back then he was fucking teasing something in Mario Odyssey? Possibly. Yeah. That's what I
think. Oh my God. I didn't even think about that, but there's gifts everywhere where you
could see that. Cause everybody took that thumbs down into the thumbs up thing and then going
and reversing it and all that stuff. I give is everywhere. Yeah. That's hilarious. Well, yeah,
I'm definitely looking forward to Mario Odyssey act. Efton chat says, then again, people made a
fuzz about Mexican Mario ugh. Good thing. My people actually didn't find that offensive at all.
Well, it's the internet. Someone's going to be offended about something. Yeah. Yeah. Well,
Dr. C, anything else you want to get out or share with our listeners tonight before we let you go?
No, I figure I'll send you guys my regards on behalf of a gamer girl. I appreciate that. And
I hope she's doing well. Let me ask this question to end on tonight. Dr. C, just let's pretend
nobody else is listening right now. And it's just us having a conversation. Cause I have a
serious question to ask you. Has it gotten better since episode one? No.
Feel good. Then that means we're doing something right.
All right. Take care of my friend. I'm gonna let you go to try and squeeze in more calls.
You too. I'll talk to you later. All right. Bye. Yeah. All right. Uh, orange launch radio,
all one word on Skype. I think that was all the calls I see popping up,
but I'm in a good mood tonight. So I'll, I'll pretty much take all the calls till everybody's
done, but thank you so much for the calls that we've received so far. Um, really appreciate it.
Can feel the love tonight on our 15th anniversary. Let me check real quick with Loki as I usually do
at this point in the show while we see if any other calls pop on. Do we have any last minute
stories? No, no, no. All right. I guess, I guess we did cover most everything anyway.
And it is about nine 30. So at this point, I think no as much as orange lounge, I'll have to
roll that over to episode 700 because we are at nine 30. It is getting late and you know,
we do have to work tomorrow and fortunately, and Misty's got a train to catch. So we do have to
wrap up tonight, but, uh, I want to thank you guys so much again for your support. And, um,
yeah, I'm not gonna keep elaborating cause I will make myself cry and I'm not here to
do that tonight. So I'm just going to say just a big general. Thank you so much for
all of it for all of this. We're not crying. You're crying. That's right. We're not crying.
You're crying. Um, I'm crying because it's going to be while before I see Misty again,
but I want to thank you for being here, Misty and celebrating our 15th anniversary with us.
And plus your support over the years, you've been, you know, I know, I know you haven't been there
since episode one, like dark Tetsuya, but dammit, you might as well have been, I think if you knew
about it, then you probably would have been. So I really appreciate that probably. Well,
I did get in before a hundred, so I'm still pretty damn good. Yeah. Still to say you were
OLR in the double digits, it's still pretty good. Uh, in the pre podcast days, even, I mean,
the, the highest we ever got in the pre podcast days was we did have an episode where a hundred
people were listening and it was because we had that Akira Yomoka track from DDR. That was the
night that that was actually in some ways. And I think we have listener, live listener caps. We
had live listener caps and we hit the cap on life 365 that night with that. And that was a whole
nother reason why we had to change our plan, but, um, just a walk down memory lane real quick
that night in some ways was really transformative for the show because there was people that stuck
around for that. And then there was more that came after that. Um, there was the, um, DDR ultra
mix for previews that we got to do here. I don't think it was, yeah, it was, it was remixed or
so, but I remember ultra mix for specifically, um, you know, that the fact that we had people
at Konami, namely still wind, who's no longer with us as we've talked about a few years ago
when he passed, um, had faith in our show to be able to do that. And just that got me a vivid foot
on DDR freak. And as a long time DDR fan, I can't tell you what that means. I really vouched for
you. I know that's, yeah, you were you, well, you, you were a moderator. You were, you were,
I know it was funny. It was funny. I can still log into DDR freak forums.
Do you know what's funny is Jason tonight was asking me a question for his intro
and I didn't know the answer. And do you know where he found the answer? DDR freak. He went
into the archives because he, this show started in June of 2002. So he was able to look up what,
what was the DDR freak headline in June of 2002. So I just thought that was hilarious and awesome
at the same time. So anyway, Misty, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to tangent off of your goodbye,
but you should be fucking used to tangents by now. Well, yeah. All right. Well, uh, Misty,
anything you want to say to our listeners before we sign off tonight? With the fuckery that's going
on with my train out of town, I'm, I'm glad I decided to sign up for the prepaid adult drink
option on the connect on the flight I'm connecting to. Amen. Amen. I hope I'm hoping to get a drink
on my flight to Chicago as well. So it'll be, it'll be a lot of fun. All right. Well, here it
is. You know, I feel like we're going to be celebrating a landmark again in nine weeks when
we hit 700 episodes and maybe, I don't know, maybe we'll be able to throw something together for
that. That's gonna be the week before labor day, but for now, you know, again, 15 years,
it's a long fucking time. Um, Loki, any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Um, I'm not playing the Garfield game cause I already uninstalled it because it was breaking
our pact, man. It's crap. It's so much crap, but you got to play it just to try it. So you can say,
wow, this is crap. I will. I will probably won't last long on my phone either because of the forced
AR. World number one on Garfield. Hot and cold in your house. You have to walk around your AR
and like find some treasure shit. No, I'm not doing that. Why is the treasure in the litter box?
Because litter box is the meme. You're in my heart.
I peed you a heart. I almost don't want you to have a final thought tonight, but I suppose
with the 15th birthday I'm legally obligated to. So hearts, dark Sakura. Well, apart from the
reject false icons, especially in government, um, if you can't be good, be good at it. Amen.
Thanks as always for your support, everybody. I say it every week. If you enjoyed what you
heard here at orange launch radio, blah, blah, blah, tell a friend, blah, blah, blah,
review on iTunes, but they really do go an awful long way and just thanks for your support. It
means the world. I don't know what my Sunday nights would look like without orange launch radio.
Um, but I'm, I'm just, I'm, I'm happy it's here and I'm happy it exists and I'm happy you all
give a fuck. I really am. Oh, I thought you were laughing at me. The final thought flamethrowers
and video games are either really good or really bad, but usually good, usually good.
Have fun playing video games. You guys we'll see you next time here at orange launch radio.
We'll see you in two weeks. Remember no show next week. So you got to make this one last hearts,
not farts. We'll see you for year 16. Bye everybody. You've been listening to orange
lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show. Tune
into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern. The views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.